at the start of a big week for the higgs boson the most soughtafter particle in all of physics scientists in illinois said monday that they had crept closer to proving that the particle exists but had been unable to reach a definitive conclusion . the scientists outlined their final analysis based on more than years of research and trillion particle collisions using the us department of energys fermilab tevatron collider near batavia illinois whose budgetary woes shut it down last year . what is the higgs boson and why is it important . their announcement came two days before researchers at the large hadron collider under the alps are due to unveil their latest results at an eagerly awaited seminar at the cern particle physics laboratory in geneva switzerland . our data strongly point toward the existence of the higgs boson rob roser a spokesman for one of two independent experiments at the tevatron said in a statement but it will take results from the experiments at the large hadron collider in europe to establish a discovery . read more the woman at the edge of physics . finding the higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass one of the open questions in physicists current understanding of the way the universe works . the particle has been so difficult to pin down that the physicist leon lederman reportedly wanted to call his book the goddamn particle but he truncated that epithet to the god particle which may have helped elevate the particles allure in popular culture . more science news from cnn light years . the results from the tevatron stemming from the two different experiments suggest that if the higgs boson does exist it would have a mass between and gev about times the mass of the proton . before the tevatron closed the experiments there sent beams of particles whizzing around a fourmile circumference in opposite directions traveling at a fraction below the speed of light the particles would crash into each other creating conditions similar to those at the dawn of the universe for scientists to observe . but so far neither the results from the us collider experiments nor from the the large hadron collider located feet underneath the border of france and switzerland have enough statistical significance to constitute a discovery . it is easier to look for a friends face in a sports stadium filled with people than to search for a higgslike event among trillions of collisions said luciano ristori a physicist at the us facility . attention now turns to the latest analysis of data from the billion european machine the worlds most powerful particle smasher . we now have more than double the data we had last year sergio bertolucci the director for research and computing at cern said last month that should be enough to see whether the trends we were seeing in the data are still there or whether theyve gone away its a very exciting time . scientists getting clearer picture of god particle
cnngeorge zimmerman acquitted by a florida jury over the death of trayvon martin was arrested in florida on suspicion of aggravated assault and domestic violence with a weapon local authorities said . the florida resident was arrested friday by police in lake mary at about pm and booked into the john e polk correctional facility according to that facilitys website that facility like its website is run by the seminole county sheriffs office . it all came about after zimmerman allegedly threw a wine bottle at a girlfriend his lawyer don west told reporters . whatever happened took place several days ago said west and as far as i know they have not been together for some time certainly not since then . police first learned about it after coming in contact with the alleged victim at a traffic stop on monday lake mary police spokeswoman bianca gillett said . when asked about the delay in making the arrest gillett said the arresting officer tried to reach zimmerman on monday and tuesday but couldnt and was offduty wednesday and thursday it was the officers decision not to pass off the case to another officer gillett said . the incident is the latest legal runin for zimmerman since his acquittal in july on a murder charge in the death of martin a africanamerican in fact its his second arrest for alleged domestic violence against a girlfriend though lake mary police spokeswoman bianca gillett said this alleged victim is not the same woman as in . its clear he hasnt been very lucky with the ladies the last few months west said of his client . judge bars contact orders weapons surrendered . zimmerman appeared saturday morning before judge john galluzo who decided to bar him from contacting the alleged victim or going into volusia county he was also told to surrender any weapons to a relative or third party but not to stop drinking since the judge said there wasnt any allegation of abuse of alcohol in the arrest affidavit . appearing in court is not new for zimmerman who became a national figure in after spotting martin in his sanford florida neighborhood the two ended up having a confrontation that climaxed with zimmerman fatally shooting the teenager who was unarmed . that incident and authorities decision not to immediately charge zimmerman spurred largescale protests in april of that year zimmerman was charged with seconddegree murder with an affidavit accusing him of profiling martin and ignoring a police dispatchers request that he wait for police . after a highprofile trial a jury found zimmerman not guilty . that made him a free man but did not end his issues with the law . no charge after other domestic violence claim . about two weeks after the verdict he was pulled over for speeding in northern texas much bigger troubles came in november when zimmerman was taken into custody at his thengirlfriends apoka florida home after the two allegedly had a heated fight . he was arrested then on aggravated assault and misdemeanor counts of domestic violence battery and criminal mischief accusations that he denied he posted bail days later . but after the girlfriend asked that the issue be dropped state attorney phil archer announced that prosecutors would not press charges . more recently in september lake mary police said that a man claimed that zimmerman threatened him during a road rage incident i will kill you zimmerman allegedly said according to police do you know who i am he was not arrested and has not been charged . west said that his client who posted bail later saturday doesnt have a fulltime job implying hes had his struggles since the martin acquittal . its been a devastating experience that hes had that hes working through the lawyer said im concerned obviously as we are here again this morning . cnns christine sever and chris welch contributed to this report
nobel laureate norman e borlaug an agricultural scientist who helped develop diseaseresistant wheat used to fight famine in poor countries died saturday he was . norman borlaug received a congressional gold medal from then president george w bush on july . borlaug died from cancer complications in dallas texas a spokeswoman for texas am university said . a recipient of the nobel peace prize borlaug was a distinguished professor of international agriculture at the university . borlaug started at texas am in after working as a scientist in a program that introduced scientific techniques for preventing famine in mexico according to the university . until recently he traveled worldwide working for improvements in agricultural science and food policy said kathleen phillips a university spokeswoman . borlaug was known as a champion of highyield crop varieties and other science and agricultural innovations to help fight hunger in developing nations ireportcom tour borlaugs boyhood farm . we all eat at least three times a day in privileged nations and yet we take food for granted borlaug said recently in an interview posted on the universitys web site . there has been great progress and food is more equitably distributed but hunger is a commonplace and famine appears all too often . he was awarded the presidential medal of freedom in and the congressional gold medal in according to the universitys web site . the agriculture institute at the university was named after him in . borlaug also created the world food prize which recognized the work of scientists and humanitarians who have helped fight world hunger through advanced agriculture the university said . a memorial service will be held at the university at a later date
cnncentral american migrants en route to the united states face incredibly tough odds . if theyre not tossed from a train or left in a desert they may be cheated or worse . people would tell me well weve kind of accepted or were used to being robbed and beaten and raped photographer michelle frankfurter said . theyre willing to risk all that she said it sheds some light on just how bad things are in honduras el salvador and guatemala . between and frankfurter took several trips to mexico to document migrants journey from the countrys southern border to its northern one . she was inspired by enriques journey a book by pulitzer prizewinning journalist sonia nazario which tells the story of a honduran boy risking it all to reunite with his mother in the united states . i watched these people leave everything behind leave with nothing but a little backpack with a few belongings and then this faith that they have frankfurter said . theres a lot of sadness and deprivation but theres a lot of beauty in it as well she said . she described her favorite photograph from the series no in the gallery above taken inside a makeshift chapel it shows a crucifix a wounded man and several migrants resting on the floor alongside dogs . social media . follow cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . ive been to that particular place a number of times and i never ever saw that kind of confluence of elements together in one single image like that she said everything to me is in that one photograph . frankfurter found people to follow at shelters shed spend a couple days with a group before venturing out to the rail yard and hopping a train . she takes a longview approach . rather than see the current rush of migrants as something like the break of a dam frankfurter has watched the pressure build for decades as civil wars trade policies and a booming drug trade combine to squeeze people from all sides . she lived in nicaragua in the late . i kept thinking that i would see that wave taper off and instead there was just this dramatic spike frankfurter said it seems like a story that just keeps mutating in a way but just keeps on going and that there is no real end to it . michelle frankfurter is a photographer based in maryland you can follow her blog
the whole point of the founding of this country was that government wasnt supposed be a family business but weve got dynasties nonetheless the sixth american president john quincy adams was the son of the second president john adams after all . now theres debbie dingell the much younger wife of octogenarian john dingell running for the seat he announced last week that hell leave after years . thats a record by the way . theres been a dingell on capitol hill every year since since franklin roosevelt was president and there was a depression going on . thats a much better record than the kennedys . there were two years between when rep patrick kennedy resigned and when rep joe kennedy iii was sworn in without a kennedy on capitol hill or any elected office since . so add the dingells on a smaller scale to the bushes and the clintons not a presidential cycle goes by without somebody talking about a clinton or a bush running . its too much for one dynastys matriarch . kennedys bushes clintons there are just more families than that barbara bush said recently . that hasnt stopped her son jeb the former florida governor from teasing a bid for president and arguing his name would actually hurt him . i get the point its something that if i run i would have to overcome that and so will hillary by the way lets keep the same standards for everybody he said last week in new york . jeb bush might or might not run for president but the bush dynasty will live on jebs son george p bush is the oddson favorite to win in his campaign for texas land commissioner this year . there are a lot of smaller political families in the states up on capitol hill take the us senate which has members a full third of them are the father son mother daughter husband or wife of at least one other public official according to a cnn analysis . there are udalls and landrieus murkowskis and pryors pauls and roberts and many more . in the senate politics is the family business . why so many family names in american politics . in recent years on capitol hill weve seen pauls ron and rand levins sander and carl and udalls tom and mark . the brand alone wont win an election but it brings instant name recognition and in this era of big expensive campaigns name recognition can be priceless . some dynasties are harder to maintain than others the liz cheney for senate campaign didnt last long and the attempt to reboot the quayle name foundered when former vice president dan quayles son ben lost his house seat after one term . and the nunns former sen sam nunns daughter michelle is a democrat running in a red state for the us senate seat in georgia so are the carters former president jimmy carters grandson jason is running for governor there . cnns dennis ting contributed to this report
russian president dmitry medvedev on tuesday signed a law extending the presidential term the kremlin said in a move many observers believe is designed to bring former president vladimir putin back to the nations top office . some experts believe prime minister vladimir putin remains russias real leader . medvedev putins handpicked successor proposed the changes in november starting with the next president . the new law extends the term of the president from four years to six medvedev also signed a law extending the term of members of the lower house of parliament the duma from four years to five . putin stepped down as president in may after two terms and is now prime minister . earlier this month putin shrugged off the suggestion that medvedev would step down to make way for his return when the law passes . the next election is in he said december according to the interfax news agency but his comments came after a threehour televised questionandanswer session with the russian public which reinforced some experts view he remained the countrys real leader . putin has done callin programs each year since but this was his first one as prime minister rather than president putin remaining in the chair this year rather than yielding it to medvedev showed he still runs russia said analyst yevgeny volk the director of the moscow office of the heritage foundation a conservative usbased think tank . tuesday medvedev also signed a law giving the duma more powers over the russian government the duma may now consider annual performance reports issued by the government . cnns mike sefanov contributed to this report
huruma kenya cnn we found barack obamas halfbrother living in a nairobi slum . george obama says he is sure his halfbrother will win the us presidency in november . george obama whose birth certificate shows that he is barack obamas halfbrother lives in a small house in huruma that he shares with his mothers extended family far away from the presidential campaign circus . in his memoir dreams for my father the democratic presidential candidate describes meeting george as a painful affair barack obamas trip to kenya meant meeting family he had never known . in the book which is popular in nairobi and can be found in almost any supermarket obama looks back at his personal story and his struggles to reconcile with a kenyan father who left him and his mother when he was just a child . barack obama sr died in a car accident when george was just months old and like his halfbrother george hardly knew his father george was his fathers last child and had not been aware of his famous halfbrother . i think i wanted to learn about my father the same way he did george obama told me about why he read the book he came here searching for his roots and i was also trying to find my roots watch george obama talk about meeting his halfbrother for the first time . unlike his grandmother in kogela in western kenya george obama had received little attention from the media . but reports surfaced in the past few days springing from an italian vanity fair article saying george obama is living in a shack and earning less than a dollar a day . the reports left him angry . i was brought up well i live well even now he said the magazines they have exaggerated everything . i think i kind of like it here there are some challenges but maybe it is just like where you come from there are the same challenges obama said . obama who is in his is learning to become a mechanic and is active in youth groups in huruma he said he tries to help the community as much as he can . at least one of his neighbors feels that perhaps the candidate should help the brother . i would like obama to visit his brother to see how he is living to improve his way of life said emelda negei who runs a small dispensary near obamas house . but george obama will have none of it he draws inspiration from his famous halfbrother he acknowledges that he is biased but said he knows that his halfbrother will be the next president . because he wants to be president he said i think in life what you want is what you are supposed to get
patriotism could reach fever pitch when the usa and europe collide in golfs ryder cup and it looks like american star rickie fowler has let it go to his head . pictured stepping off the plane as the us team arrived at edinburgh airport ahead of this weeks match the world no sported a new haircut with usa shaved into the side of his head . although it might be unusual for a golfer to have such an outrageous hairstyle displays of national pride are entirely in keeping with the ryder cup . played every two years it pits the best golfers from europe and the usa against each other with the winner securing bragging rights in the sports most partisan contest . europe has dominated the competition in recent years winning the last two contests . the us team captained by eighttime major winner tom watson will be out for revenge when the competition begins at scotlands gleneagles course on friday . while golf courses are usually the epitome of peace and quiet the ryder cup galleries are altogether more raucous . so expect star spangled banners and roars of usa usa to accompany fowler around the course throughout the three days of competition . with so much adrenaline and excitement in the air tensions have boiled over in the past . during the event at the brookline club in massachusetts the usa team was criticized for celebrating a dramatic victory on the green while european player jose maria olazabal was still waiting to take his putt . expect more fierce clashes over the course of this week
cnnsharp angles fragmented glass scaffolding bright lights looming robotics these elements tower over ghostly apparitionlike people scurrying to and from their destinations . in these images amid bustling city of tokyo the overflow of people looks almost like rushing water no more than a fleeting presence . in a generation where photographs are taken to establish a persons presence marking where they are where theyve been and whom they were with photographer matthew pillsburys work takes a different approach the people in his work have an evanescent quality . the fact that the static elements the city the spaces remain sharp but the people are the ones fading it certainly is something that makes us question how our time is finite and how are we spending that time says pillsbury . it is this very transient otherworldly aspect of photography thats captivated him . when using longer exposures im also capturing something that is only visible in a photograph but yet we know it to be fundamentally true . pillsbury born to american parents in france has had a deepseated love for cultural exchange and expressing that through the medium of photography this art form he says allows him to capture a given period of time in a single image and in doing so it allows us a reflection thats just a different experience . reflection is exactly what pillsbury has been achieving with his work for over the past decade on crowded city streets a long exposure will only capture those who stand still for a moment with the clear implications of mortality in his imagery pillsbury stresses the importance of asking questions with his art as opposed to offering a solution or supplying answers . many of his previous works have focused on the use of technology in modern life and our interaction with humanity as a result the project tokyo which was recently featured in the benrubi gallery in new york took a different look at technology as the landscape in which people move around . what drew pillsbury to tokyo was the dichotomy of a culture that was caught in a dance between past and present holding onto traditions ancient temples festivals and ceremonies while embracing technology and modernism . places like robot bar are standard in the city pillsbury describes the scene as a restaurant mixed with a rock concert and a nightclub this loud boisterous environment is a magnet for the younger generations . yet the older customs and generations still have a large influence the two worlds collide when the cherry blossoms bloom . when the winter breaks and warm air is ushered in and the first cherry blossoms bloom an announcement goes out in the paper marking the countdown till full bloom and then the city stops everything else to focus with eager anticipation on preparing for the festivities . during full bloom all generations are accounted for out meandering on sidewalks and picnicking on the lawn throngs of people are greeted by lanterns hanging from scaffolding at the first hanami even in the pouring rain the festivities continue and as the blossoms fall from the trees people stop to clap those that stop to soak in the moment are the only ones that appear sharp in pillsburys photographs . when capturing moments like this pillsbury is guided by the available light what i love about using long exposures is that there is only so much i can anticipate about what the actual result is going to look like and the fact that i still am often surprised by the result is part of the magic to me . social media . follow cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography . the element of surprise makes a shot more compelling for pillsbury reacting to the reality around him instead of forcing his ideas onto the landscape . while most of photography is about asserting a human presence the poeticism of pillsburys work is that it echoes our sense of time passing . matthew pillsbury is an american photographer based in new york he is represented by benrubi gallery
a singleengine airplane made an emergency landing on a california highway sunday morning though no major injuries were reported authorities said . the piper comanche carrying a married couple landed on the southbound lanes of us highway . the piper comanche carrying a married couple landed on the southbound lanes of us highway just outside santa barbara and a few miles from the airport said california highway patrol spokesman officer james richards . the planes engine quit and as the pilot descended he lost control of the plane and landed in the southbound lane facing oncoming traffic the plane struck two vehicles while landing then spun and hit another one with its tail richards said . one vehicle passenger was treated for minor injuries he said no other injuries were reported . the landing happened at am pm et and held up traffic for less than two hours richards said . he added that the plane had departed temecula in southwestern riverside county california and was destined for the airport in santa barbara a flight of about miles . the pilot told authorities that he attempted to switch fuel lines during the flight but was unable to restore power to the plane he said he alerted a tower at the airport that a landing on the highway was imminent richardson said
an american woman who was trampled to death by an elephant in kenya where she lived with her family was a librarian who was determined to see that schools and libraries be built in poor villages a former boss said wednesday . before moving with her husband to the kenyan capital of nairobi in sharon brown was a reference librarian at antioch university new england in keene new hampshire said library director marcy leversee who hired brown in . brown and her toddler daughter who also died in the incident were on a guided forest hike monday near the castle forest lodge about miles north of nairobi when the incident occurred said lodge spokeswoman melia van leer . van leer speculated the elephant was in a herd of about that were spotted later in the day with their calves elephants can be particularly defensive when they are sheltering their young she said . in nairobi brown was a librarian at the international school of kenya according to a security guard at the school her husband jeff worked there as a fifthgrade teacher according to the schools web site . sharon brown only spent a year at antioch leversee said because when she got the opportunity to work in kenya she felt it was a chance that was too good to pass up at antioch she worked with graduate students in environmental sciences and clinical psychology . sharon was a quiet open person very present leversee said she believed that every exchange was a mutual learning she opened the exchange by listening . she was a cherished colleague leversee said to me she was a citizen of the world in the finest sense . the browns became passionate about africa after serving in the peace corps leversee said that was where sharon brown became committed to promoting education leversee said she didnt know where they served but sharon brown had an affinity for africa . brown had said that while in the peace corps she totally immersed herself in the culture of the villagers even asking the women to teach her how they washed clothes . a peace corps supervisor told leversee that brown provided the women and children with their very first books leversee said she didnt know the name of the village . according to van leer the property around the lodge is full of elephants but encounters with humans dont normally end in tragedy there have been no tragic incidents with elephants in the area since she said . this area has wild animals and i always warn my clients and everyone else to be aware of the danger she said but from now we wont allow children out anymore the young child could have been saved . the us embassy in nairobi refused comment wednesday . cnns david mckenzie melissa gray and deb krajnak contributed to this report
cnn wladimir klitschko will take a hefty weight advantage into his world heavyweight title unification match against david haye in hamburg saturday . the ukrainian tipped the scales at while britains haye came in at over two stones lighter . haye a former cruiserweight champion will be putting his wba title on the line while klitschko defends the ibf and wbo versions of the world crown . the haye will be two pounds heavier than for his last fight against fellow briton audley harrison while klitschko is five pounds lighter than for his previous bout against samuel peter . haye was supported by a large british contingent who have gathered in the geman port city for the fight in the imtech arena used by bundesliga side sv hamburg . despite a record haye is rated an underdog against the giant klitschko whose brother vitali holds the wbc version of the title . but he was in typically bullish mood as he addressed reporters after the weighin . im so proud to be involved in it and for the guy that knocks the other unconscious it is going to be a great feeling to be the main man at the pinnacle of the heavyweight division . i believe being the unified heavyweight champion is the pinnacle of the sport and im looking forward to going in there and claiming my rightlydeserved titles he said . klitschko who has a record of wins knockouts and three knockout defeats said it was time for the talking to end . he will take height reach and weight advantage into the eagerlyawaited fight which will be watched by over in the football stadium with big television audiences in britain and germany where both the klitschko brothers have a devoted following
ewcom moviegoers have grown increasingly intense about avoiding spoilers probably because of all the information that spills out of the internet . in that light secretariat a benignly inspirational disney sports drama about the legendary racehorse who won the triple crown in offers a fascinating test case for how much spoilers sometimes dont matter . going into the movie we absolutely know that secretariat the chestnut thoroughbred who galloped to triumph through a rare combination of total speed and maximum stamina will win his three big races the first time a horse had done so in years . yet there he is in his famous blueandwhite blinker hood pounding the track at the kentucky derby starting way in the back as was his style then overtaking one horse after another the camera following right on his hooves . and damned if at that moment we arent as excited as children our hearts in our throats as he thunders to victory almost as if we had no idea what was coming . when secretariat is running his races the movie has a hokey oldfashioned appeal it uses a fantastic gospel anthem to stoke our feelings the edwin hawkins singers rendition of oh happy day and that song with its funkysublime syncopation its waves of lordly joy makes us feel that yes secretariat really was a miracle horse a competitor graced by someone up there . off the racetrack however secretariat is a sketchy and rather innocuously upbeat movie the director randall wallace we were soldiers often seems to be aiming for the same christian demographic that helped make a hit out of the blind side . i personally have no objection to a horse film that views a creature as magnificent as secretariat with religious awe but in this case the uplift has a downside the film is so insistently square it undercuts the very drama its out to capture . the central figure penny chenery diane lane is a housewife who knew nothing about running a horse farm when she took over the management of her ailing fathers meadow stables in virginia penny wins secretariat in a coin toss though the film suggests its her womanly vantage that leads her to foresee how the horses bloodlines will give him racing strength . its a pleasure to see her take charge fighting her way up in a racehorse world thick with the corruptions of men lane wearing pat nixons hair makes penny devoutly traditional but never prim it doesnt scare her that shes in over her head . she recruits the eccentric trainer lucien laurin played by john malkovich and the actor wearing crazy hats and spouting french whenever he gets angry makes us feel his horse fervor . penny in her devotion to secretariats racing career tears her family life apart yet this central conflict comes to very little dylan walsh plays her husband with just enough mild testiness to make you wish hed shown more . pennys obsession remains flawless noble benevolent the only real drama is that spoiler secretariat occasionally loses as long as hes winning though this pleasantly rote movie will rouse you b . see the full article on ewcom . click here to try risk free issues of entertainment weekly . entertainment weekly and time inc all rights reserved
the commemoration of ashura arguably the holiest day on the shiite muslim calendar passed without significant violence in iraq sunday . the peace was a marked contrast to the last eight years in which hundreds of people died in sectarian attacks . the period commemorates the martyrdom of hussein the grandson of the prophet mohammed who was killed in battle in karbala in ad his death was one of the events that helped create the schism between sunnis and shiites the two main muslim religious movements . iraqi troops and police were deployed in the streets of baghdad and karbala a holy shiite city where million shiite pilgrims from across iraq converged for the festival over the weekend . no attacks against shiite pilgrims were reported in baghdad and karbala in the last several days police officials in both cities told cnn . abut security members from the army and police were on duty in and around karbala establishing four rings of security around the holy shrine of imam hussein . more than female security workers were placed at checkpoints to search women passing through karbala police said . pilgrims chanted beat their breasts in penance cut themselves with daggers or swords and whipped themselves in synchronized movements from saturday through sunday morning . most people in iraq are shiites and the commemoration of ashura was almost banned under saddam hussein a sunni the first public ashura demonstrations in karbala after his fall in came under attack by sunni extremists . in nearly a thousand shiite pilgrims died in a stampede over a baghdad bridge triggered by a rumor that a suicide bomber was among them . shiites gained the upper hand politically after hussein was overthrown by a usled invasion in sunnis felt disenfranchised amid that political backdrop and many backed insurgent actions against the government . as a result sunnishiite violence exploded in the early while fullblown sectarian violence had ebbed by the end of the iraq war sunni extremists continued to launch attacks against shiite pilgrims over the years . paris hilton stirs up a storm in mecca . iraq and afghan vets win in us elections
the european head of consumer goods giant unilever believes that improving the companys environmental practices could help double its sales such is the appetite from customers from sustainablymade products . jan zijderveld the anglodutch conglomerates president of europe said there was a clear demand from consumers for green products . what they want is products from a company where they know that the company makes the products responsibly he said when they buy pg tips they know that the tea is grown from sustainable plantations they know that the way we make it and produce is in the most responsible way possible . he said the days were gone when consumers were driven by low prices alone the funny thing is that for the consumer good value doesnt necessarily mean cheap . he rejected the suggestion that unilevers environmental focus was simply greenwashing saying it was part of our european heritage to build a decent business that is rooted in society and does the right thing . while cynics might doubt the companys ability to make good on ambitious plans to double the business while halving its environmental footprint he believed unilever could be a worldleading example of corporate responsibility . we will prove to the world that this is the right plan and this is also the right sustainable plan for business . read also bt ceo smartphones and tablets transforming workplace . while the company had strong global credentials having operated in asia for more than a century it had recently been extending further into emerging markets such as russia . as a global enterprise we really have to look at where the opportunities are and that is where the people are where the population growth is where the economies are growing and the consumption is still low he said . he saw opportunities for the future in russia china vietnam pakistan bangladesh as well as in african markets because in many of these countries the consumption is lower they are not consuming many of the fastmoving consumer goods we sell . the emerging markets compared favorably to europe in their attitudes toward business he said . the environment is much more probusiness they understand that business is a force for good business generates new products it generates jobs it pays taxes he said it is a lot easier to do business in the emerging world it is a lot more proactive it is less bureaucratic . he felt there was too much negativism towards business in europe and said he would like to see a cultural and policy shift to create a more dynamic innovative business sector . to get the innovation through takes too long to get approvals through takes too long so things are just too slow and too bureaucratic he said if we want to reinvent this continent and make it creative growing and dynamic you need to loosen it up a little give it some fresh air europe needs a little bit of a spring clean to be able to innovate again and grow again
microsoft unveiled windows for public testing on wednesday in the hope that it will help the brand win back some of the ground it has been losing to apple and google . the new operating system works on tablets as well as pcs and laptops connecting them via the cloud to give users a more consistent experience as they switch between devices . its beautiful modern fast and fluid its a generational change in the windows operating system microsoft windows president steven sinofsky said as he launched the consumer preview of the new operating system at mobile world congress in barcelona spain . read more google the star of the show . windows scales across devices and screen sizes sinofsky said theres too many hard stops between phones and tablets and desktops we want to make things more harmonious he said . the new operating system uses the metro style of software currently being used on phones running the windows operating system using tiles on the startup screen . a new windows store which will be the marketplace for all apps for windows also launched on wednesday apps will be free to download for the duration of the consumer preview . james governor a londonbased techindustry analyst said windows was unlikely to galvanize microsofts market profile but its entry into tablet technology laid crucial groundwork for sustained relevance . he said the popularity of windows meant that as was seen with microsofts earlier xp operating system there wouldnt be intense clamoring for an immediate update . i dont think its an explosive christ weve got to have this new release he said there isnt necessarily a pentup demand for what windows represents . read more brave new world of mobile medicine . governor said the move into the tablet market represented by windows marked a key step for microsoft as it repositioned itself against apple and androidpowered machines . microsoft needs to be in the tablet game it couldnt sit out two or three rounds of tablets without trying to have a more effective play and clearly windows is a big part of that he said . in terms of functionality governor said windows suffered from a weird twopersonality thing as it switched between its userfriendly new metro interface into functional areas of computing . a lot of people arent going to be comfortable with that here is this new metro personality and then oh by the way now i really want some really hardcore web development i found it ok but i dont know how it will work with others . barry neild contributed to this story from london
for many children fighting cancer it can be extremely tough to make it to their chemotherapy appointments . twoyearold sisi johnson has neuroblastoma and must travel as much as six times a week to rady childrens hospital in san diego but her mother doesnt have a car and sisis compromised immune system means public transportation is offlimits . thats where richard nares comes in . nares who lost his son emilio to cancer in started a program called ride with emilio to provide transportation for lowincome families and their children battling cancer . no child should miss their cancer treatment due to lack of transportation nares says . sisi is now one of hundreds of patients who receive free rides to and from treatments . they help me out so much says silvia johnson sisis single mother of two who receives eight to rides per week theyre very clean theyre sanitized they are always organized and on time i dont know what i would do without them . nares knows firsthand what these families are going through in march his son was diagnosed with leukemia thrusting the family into a world of constant treatments hospital visits and tests . fortunately he and his wife had a large support system flexible jobs and understanding employers . we had rides to the hospital to bring emilio he said we had our brothers and sisters and neighbors bring us hot meals . but nares met many families along the way who didnt have such support single moms forced to take leave from jobs without pay kids having to ride the bus alone to their chemotherapy appointments siblings left home alone . nares said it broke his heart . its extremely tough not just emotionally but now financially he said sometimes both parents have to either leave their job or cut back severely some dont have an extra to pay for cafeteria food . when emilio died his father decided he had watched too many people struggle he went back to rady childrens hospital where emilio had received most of his treatment and asked how he could help . transportation they said . so nares started picking up families in his old buick . i was going every day picking up families all over the county he said . soon however nares couldnt handle the number of requests that were coming in so he teamed up with nurses and social workers from rady to create a formal transportation program he hired a driver formalized a schedule for pickups and dropoffs and started the emilio nares foundation in . one of the first children nares helped was a boy with a brain tumor who required frequent chemotherapy treatments with no car the boys mother had to leave her home at am and take four buses to get her son to an am appointment . it was over four hours one way by bus nares said and after the whole day of chemotherapy it was the same amount of time back . nares and his foundation stepped in saving them a significant amount of travel time each day . today nares group provides more than rides a year traveling more than miles it operates out of rady and orange county childrens hospital . in addition to the free rides nares nonprofit provides support services and assistance to its clientele many of whom do not speak english nares group offers translation services and an onsite resource center at rady to help them navigate the oftencomplex insurance systems legal issues and medical diagnoses . most of the families that were dealing with are not just lowincome but they are living in poverty nares said . on saturday nares will begin his richard runs california fundraiser to help children fighting cancer he will run miles over days starting in san francisco and ending in san diego . he says his work not only saves childrens lives but it keeps emilios memory alive as well . he really is the force nares said even though hes been passed away almost years its still like hes with me like hes still on my shoulder or still pulling my ear like he used to . want to get involved check out the emilio nares foundation website at wwwenfhopeorg and see how to help
in american politics there is strength in numbers when enough people feel a vested interest in the survival of a program it becomes extraordinarily difficult for opponents to dismantle it . obamacare officially the affordable care act looks like it has just reached a critical tipping point while the program still faces many challenges and numerous republicans remained determined to keep attacking the news that million people have enrolled through the health care exchanges is a big victory for president barack obama and his supporters medicaid enrollment rose by million people much of which is a result of aca as well . rather than obamacare being an abstract promise to americans that will be fulfilled in the distant future now the affordable care act is a concrete program upon which millions of american voters will be depending as that number increases opponents of aca will be going after the benefits of many millions of americans not just the president . there is a long history of government programs securing their political strength through sheer numbers . although social security remained a problematic and controversial program between and with some officials wondering whether it would even survive by the time that dwight eisenhower was president there were fewer legislators willing to express such doubts the reason was simple democratic and republican legislators found their districts inhabited by elderly americans who counted on these government pensions and workers who were paying payroll taxes this is why legislators would increase benefits every election year . agricultural supports have been equally strong since being put into place during the great depression as farmers farms and the entire agricultural industry came to depend on federal government assistance to ensure that prices remained stable legislators shied away from trying to fix the program even legislators who represented urban districts had little interest in angering powerful rural representatives and senators whose constituents would not tolerate anyone tampering with their programs . when eisenhowers secretary of agriculture ezra taft benson went after the program republicans suffered ezra taft benson one reporter said when covering the midterm elections has become the democrats fall guy replacing the tired image of herbert hoover . in the years before congress passed medicare and medicaid in opponents including powerful voices in the health insurance industry and the american medical association railed against the plan as socialized medicine that would empower the government to make all the decisions doctors had once had control over but president lyndon johnson and the democratic congress overcame their opposition to put into place these two major domestic programs . by the serious opposition fell away . doctors were depending on medicare to fund their patients hospitals and states were planning on the medicaid budget to keep their health systems going and elderly patients no longer suffered the risk of not being able to seek treatment in their old age as a result nobody really wanted to get rid of these programs . although there were fights to reform medicares regulatory structure and to cut costs since the the strength of the programs has been formidable there has been thus far little possibility that either would be scrapped . the same has been true for defense spending the surge of military contracts in southern and western states during the and became a staple to the economic success of the sunbelt there are many reasons why defense spending is hard to retrench but most important is the huge number of people who will vote and lobby against you if you take a step in this direction . aca is now starting to reach this same territory for this reason alone it makes sense that obama is smiling while the program does not have the tens of millions of people who are in the medicare or social security programs the numbers are growing . aca will continue to face political attacks and implementation challenges but the enrollment level virtually ensures serious debates over repealing aca are now dead
this congress is going out just the way it began in complete disarray . fourteen months after tea party conservatives ignored republican leaders and forced a twoweek government shutdown another one came close to happening this time because liberals were blowing off president barack obamas pleas to support a government funding measure . in the early morning hours friday obama signed a twoday extension and the senate is expected to pick up the legislation and vote on it later friday though they have until midnight saturday before the next deadline . for weeks legislative leaders insisted another shutdown wouldnt happen and it didnt but the house was just two hours away and the senate might not cast its final votes until this weekend . another flirtation with another deadline this one after a midterm election that swept republicans into control of the senate offers a grim glimpse at the paralyzing levels of dissent that could come next . republicans dont fear their leadership and democrats dont need their president . after novembers elections when the gop won the senate and expanded its majority in the house party leaders claimed a mandate soontobe senate majority leader mitch mcconnell has pledged that with republicans in control of both chambers come january things will be different more amendments will be allowed centerright legislation will advance . but longclear divisions on the right remain and were evident in the house when republicans many angry that the party hadnt fought harder to block obamas executive action on immigration opposed the measure in a key procedural vote and nearly dealt their leaders a major blow by the end of the night republicans voted against the measures final passage . conservative lawmakers complained that house republican leadership punted their latest opportunity to combat obamas signature health care law which they fought to defund during the october shutdown and his executive overhaul of immigration and deportation rules . weve seen the same pattern now obamacare is funded now obamas executive amnesty is funded rep steve king riowa said on fox news alongside him rep michele bachmann rminnesota called the vote disrespectful to midterm voters . even if republicans gain stability democrats are splintering . fresh off an election that purged the democrats of many of their most centrist members liberals now more influential within their own ranks have gone rogue saying no to what the white house called a fair compromise even though their bargaining position isnt going to get better . in an extraordinary scene thursday afternoon two of the partys most influential members made highprofile breaks with obama house democratic leader nancy pelosi called the government funding measure blackmail because of its inclusion of language rolling back a wall street reform that democrats had fought hard to win in . meanwhile the partys liberal hero massachusetts sen elizabeth warren declared on the senate floor that it is time for all of us to stand up and fight . obama and vice president joe biden were calling house democrats urging them to support the measure white house chief of staff denis mcdonough rushed into a caucus meeting to make its case . but democrats insisted as they exited that meeting that mcdonough hadnt won many members over . rep jan schakowsky dillinois said democrats need to draw a line now to signal that they wont accept these kinds of deals in the future when republicans will control the senate too and are certain to advance bills with more conservative priorities . if you dont stand for something youll fall for anything rep john lewis dgeorgia said in the meeting . still some influential lawmakers said the government funding measure was a chance at redemption . senate appropriations committee chairwoman barbara mikulski dmaryland said thursday night was an opportunity for congress to break a pattern in which lawmakers have paralyzed ourselves by making the perfect the enemy of the good . we tried to govern on a bipartisan basis she said we reached across the aisle and we reached across the capitol dome
singaporeans dont normally gather in public protest decades of single party rule and an iron hand when it comes to dissent has shaped a somewhat meek public but a proposal by the government to allow more immigrants to come to singapore in the next few decades to make up for a population shortfall has emboldened citizens to go public . on saturday several thousand singaporeans gathered in a small downtown park near an area known as speakers corner to vent their anger organizers estimated the crowd to between and and said it was the largest gathering since postindependence singapore in singapore police told cnn they dont give crowd estimates . at the heart of the issue is a socalled white paper on population recently issued by the government that proposes allowing the population to rise from million to as high as million by in order to keep the economy growing and to keep it a magnet country for business . the government also says foreigners are needed to take care of the countrys own rapidly aging population . protesters on saturday insisted they didnt fear foreigners but worry about the loss of singaporean jobs to foreigners depressed wages and overcrowding that has taxed singapores infrastructure including housing and transportation protesters also say the governments plans will make them a minority in their own country . imagine a place where you can be a stranger in your own home a protester said . like many developed nations not enough people are having babies for more than three decades the countrys fertility rate has been below replacement level meaning singaporeans arent having enough babies to replace themselves this has had a huge impact on a tiny country striving to be a booming economy . the government has relied on foreigners to fill executive ranks as well as to perform lowwage jobs from construction to cleaning while the country is one of the worlds wealthiest it also has an enormous income disparity between rich and poor protesters say singaporeans would have more babies if they were more confident of their economic prospects and that the government should rely less on cheaper foreign labor and improve the wages of singaporeans
chris brown has made significant strides in staying sober since he got out of jail in june the singers psychiatrist said . the doctors letter to browns probation officer said hes working on personal growth and is taking responsibility for his behaviors in the two months since he was freed from jail . those behaviors have included an alleged sidewalk fight that sent him to jail in washington dc in october and a violent outburst that got him booted from a drug rehab program in november . the doctors treatment is part of his probation sentence for an attack on thengirlfriend rihanna in . brown was in a los angeles court on wednesday for a status hearing on his probation which will end on january as long as he stays out of legal trouble and completes another hours of community labor . judge james brandlin praised the singer for his favorable probation report which is a contrast to several recent reports that culminated in brown spending four months in courtordered rehab and three months in jail . mr brown has made significant strides in maintaining his sobriety as well as developing skills that promote personal growth wrote the doctor whose name was deleted from the report . read browns probation report pdf . he has passed all drug tests since he was freed from the los angeles county jail on june the probation report said . brandlin rewarded brown by reducing random drug tests from three times a week to twice each week . but drug use specifically marijuana hasnt been browns only challenge he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder which is blamed for violent outbursts . chris brown apologizes for gma outburst . he still faces trial this fall in washington on a misdemeanor assault charge stemming from the sidewalk fight . he was booted from one rehab facility in november because he stormed out of a family counseling session and smashed the window of his mothers mercedes with a rock . but brown is taking his twiceaweek courtordered psychological therapy sessions seriously the doctor said . he continues to show great perseverance in implementing recommendations made by his treatment team utilizing his learned skills and seeking guidance in his recovery process his doctor reported . browns efforts to remain calm and in control appeared successful at the courthouse despite some tense encounters with the news media covering wednesdays hearing . he quietly watched as a tmz reporter attempted to get on a courthouse elevator with him after the hearing he left it to bodyguard christopher hollosy to repeatedly nudge the reporter until he was out the door . hollosy a large man who is fiercely protective of his client was found guilty in april of attacking the same man in washington that brown is accused of hitting . when he encountered news photographers at the front courthouse exit brown retreated to a rear door appearing unshaken and unemotional . the only woman with brown at wednesdays court date was his mother she has been with him at almost all the hearings except immediately after the windowsmashing incident . rihanna who reunited with brown at times in recent years came to show her support for him at a hearing in february . karrueche tran his onagain offagain girlfriend is off again she has attended most of browns recent hearings including the last one in may she was not in court wednesday . brown was a young teenager when his remarkable dancing and singing talents made him a pop star he was when he smashed rihannas face with his fist during an argument inside a rented lamborghini on the evening of the grammy awards . rihanna gives painful details of chris brown assault . mr brown continues to work on gaining further insight into his thought processes and is taking responsibility for his behaviors his doctor said he is also working on personal growth as well as symptom management
fear the latest installment in the actionhorror series aims higher than your typical firstperson shooter game . it boasts cool combat features a spooky paranormal story line and some dramatic tension but because its emphasis is on combat not thrills the game is not nearly as scary as it should be . fear day studios warner bros interactive continues its franchises story of a family in conflict as two brothers work together to track down their psychically enhanced mother alma who is about to give birth however their reasons for wanting to find dear mom are totally opposite . filmmaker john carpenter director of the classic fright flick halloween helped create cinematics for the game that heighten its fear factor comic book horror writer steve niles cowrote the story line . coop mode is the preferred mode of play here allowing you to take advantage of each brothers skills during combat and strive toward the highest score on each level you can play as point man who is well versed in military training and technique or as paxton fettel who was slain during the original fear but returns here as a ghost with psychic energy powers . the brothers must navigate wave after wave of soldiers whackedout cultists and creepy creatures created from almas mind the battlefields range from a looted food warehouse to the science bunker where alma is being held . while the action is pretty linear there are detours in which you can search for hidden weapons and ammo psychic link gathering locations and an alma doll which scores big points when found there are enemies who require some extra work to defeat including one called a phase caster who summons additional soldiers over and over kill him first seriously . it is easy to get immersed in the runandgun aspects of fear but keep in mind that its also supposed to be a horror game remember mom is a psychic time bomb allegedly waiting to erupt when she gives birth to whatever . to be sure there are some very good horror moments in the game the apparitions that briefly appear scare and disappear are disconcerting and having a ghost brother along during solo mode is a constant reminder . when they occur the terror elements are jumpoutofyourseat frightening it is almost like watching a horror movie from the eyes of the lead actor . the problem is those moments dont seem to occur as often as youd think or hope there were plenty of times in the game where i forgot it was supposed to be a thriller and not just a shooter . some levels features are so combatheavy that theres no room for any memorable paranormal experiences early in the game i was peeking around every corner expecting to find some apparition or twisted scene only to shrug and move on by the end of the game i stopped looking for ghosts and just treated everything as a combat scene . multiplayer modes help make the game fun to replay you can work together with your teammates to survive waves of enemies emerging from an advancing fog or be possessed by alma and try to take over your former teammates . fear is a wellmade firstperson shooter that will challenge players with intelligent enemies and compelling battles sadly the frights arent quite as jarring as they could have been . which im sure makes the ghosts very sad boo . fear is playable on the pc playstation and xbox it is available now in north america australia and the uk the game is rated m for mature due to blood and gore intense violence partial nudity and strong language this review was done after playing the xbox version
kaitlyn hunts supporters say she is being prosecuted because she was in a sexual relationship with someone of the same sex authorities say it isnt a gay rights issue at all but rather a simple case of an adult inappropriately involved with a minor . as public outrage mounts fueled by internet activism hunt has until friday to decide whether shell accept a plea deal or go to trial for her relationship with a schoolmate . hunt is charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery in the relationship that the young woman and her parents say was consensual the students attended sebastian river high school in sebastian florida . while some of the people signing an online petition asking prosecutors to drop the case have suggested that its being handled differently because it involves a samesex relationship indian river county sheriff deryl loar said that has nothing to do with it . if this was an male and that was a girl it would have been prosecuted the same way he said . cnn legal analyst sunny hostin concurs saying whether the people involved are samesex or oppositesex the legal issues are the same . a kid a child under the age of cannot consent to having sexual relations with an an adult under the eyes of the law she said and that really is all this case comes down to when you look at it legally . the indian river state attorneys office has offered a plea deal that would reduce the charges to thirddegree child abuse as part of the package she would get a year of probation and two years of monitoring meaning she would have to wear an ankle bracelet . it would be up to a judge to decide if she would be labeled a felon as she moves forward in life . her lawyer julia graves is asking that common sense prevail and that the charges be reduced to a misdemeanor . this is a life sentence for behavior that is all too common whether male female gay straight graves said at a wednesday news conference high school relationships may be fleeting but felony convictions are forever . charles sullivan an attorney for the told cnn affiliate wptv that the plea deal is fair . it takes into account the seriousness of the offense it takes into account that its a violation of florida law he said the plea offer allows her to enter a plea that she will not go to jail and she will not be labeled as a sex offender so theres no argument that her life is being ruined by this plea offer . a sometimes tearful hunt said the whole thing frightens her . im scared of losing my life the rest of my life and not being able to go to college or be around kids be around my sisters and my family she said acknowledging the whirlwind that has surrounded her since the family went public with the story definitely overwhelming to say the least just kind of hopeful hopeful for the best . prosecutors have said they will not bend on the plea deal
cnn at least people died saturday when a protest rally turned violent outside madagascars presidential palace a fire official at the main hospital said . people duck to avoid gunfire saturday in antananarivo the capital of madagascar . the official said people were injured during the demonstration in the capital city of antananarivo according to journalist dregoire pourtier who passed the information to cnn . the international committee of the red cross helped at least injured people press officer mbola ramamanana said . brittany martin an american who is a harvard fellow and lives near the palace said she could hear the crowd cheering amid intermittent gunshots and noises that may have been tear gas canisters ireportcom are you there . from the window i can see military cars and ambulances driving by martin said nothing is up in smoke we know there have been people killed from french and malagasy news reports . we can see the back of the presidents palace this morning was totally peaceful we knew that andry rajoelina was unveiling his new government at the may plaza which was peaceful she said citing a friend who was there . madagascars government is in flux . president marc ravalomanana fired rajoelina as mayor of antananarivo and put someone else in the job but rajoelina is still technically mayor and claims to head a transitional national government . martin said she heard gunshots starting about pm after the protesters marched from the plaza to the palace she said it was unclear where the shots were coming from . some media reports blamed foreign mercenaries for the shootings others said army guards were responsible or that the army was firing at the mercenaries to protect the crowd . violence in madagascar began january when protesters stormed staterun television and radio stations in antananarivo . hours earlier the government had shut down a radio station owned by rajoelina and weeks before had similarly shut down rajoelinas television station after it aired an interview with expresident didier ratsiraka . ravalomanana took power in after ousting ratsiraka in a tense hotly contested election ratsiraka fled to france afterward loyalists blame ratsirakas family members for inciting the recent trouble . there is also anger in madagascar where the world bank says the average person earns about a year over reports that ravalomanana recently bought a million airplane . last saturday rajoelina took to the streets declaring himself the nations leader after a week of violence and looting that killed at least people and wounded more than . rajoelina urged supporters to demand the resignation of ravalomanana and said he planned to take charge until a transition government can be established in the island nation off africas southeastern coast map . what weve been pushing for is dialogue the whole time said rodney ford a spokesman for the us embassy he said he received reports that palace guards used tear gas and shot into the air to try to disperse the crowd . i dont think anyone wanted violence . according to the us state department madagascar has about million people with ethnic origins in africa and asia it was administered by the british empire during much of the century until it came under the control of france from which it gained independence in
at least people died and were hurt when two trains collided in halle on monday a government spokeswoman said . the trains collided headon at am the companies that run the belgian railways and the train said . the cause of the accident is not known according to the railway operator infrabel and sncb the train operator . authorities do not believe there is anyone else on the trains said anya de wols spokeswoman for the province of flemish brabant but they have not ruled out the possibility bodies could be pinned beneath the train cars she said and they plan to lift the cars from the track by tuesday . also on tuesday investigators will collect personal effects such as wallets from the scene to help identify the victims she said . send your pictures videos stories . a belgian government spokesman bart ouvry said it was snowing at the time of the crash but not an unusual amount . people were thrown against the walls of the trains by the impact said emily divinagracia whose husband stephan riviere was a passenger . he was awakened by the impact she said he told her by phone minutes after the accident . it took about minutes for rescue crews to arrive and some passengers did not immediately know there had been a collision she said . he was actually getting the news from me because they didnt know much on their side and it was all a bit disorganized obviously because nobody expected this sort of thing to happen she said . riviere was not badly injured his wife said . the injured were being treated at a sports center near the scene of the accident the belga news agency reported fiftyfive of them were taken to hospitals while more than a hundred others had minor injuries de wols said . the crash took place during morning rush hour when people were on their way to work belga journalist eric vidal said from the scene . pictures showed people being taken from the crash site by stretcher as snow fell . passengers who were not hurt in the crash were taken away by bus according to vidal . he said people had come to the station to try to find family members who may have been involved in the crash . belgian prime minister yves leterme is on his way back from kosovo albania and would visit the scene of the crash his office said the justice ministry is in charge of the investigation letermes office added . the crash caused disruption to parts of the wider rail network in northern europe . eurostar suspended highspeed train services between london england and brussels belgium the company announced and did not expect the trains to run for the rest of the day londontoparis services were not affected the company said but there were delays on the service to lille in northern france close to the border with belgium . thalys which operates highspeed trains across much of northern europe announced that services were fully suspended all day affecting travel to brussels from paris france amsterdam netherlands and cologne germany . the company urged passengers planning to travel this week to check its web site wwwthalyscom before starting their trips . the french highspeed train operator tgv europe announced that its brusselsbound services were going only as far as lille . eight people died in a train crash in belgium in march media reports said at the time calling it the worst rail accident in the country in years investigators later suggested the two trains collided because of confusion between a frenchspeaking signalman and a flemishspeaking one . belgium is divided between speakers of the two languages . mondays crash is one of the deadliest train accidents in europe since at least people were killed in the balkan nation of montenegro in at least passengers also were injured when a train derailed and plunged down an embankment outside the capital podgorica . cnns jessica hartogs cristina lynch claudia rebaza nick hunt and abey benga contributed to this report
a second case of the potentially deadly mers virus has been identified in the netherlands a spokeswoman for the countrys national public health institute told cnn it comes one day after authorities confirmed the first case . the cases in the netherlands involve two family members who had traveled together to saudi arabia . it is one man and one woman who contracted the disease said harald wychgel spokesman for the netherlands ministry of health . the health ministry citing privacy reasons did not provide additional details except to say that the pair shared a room for two weeks in saudi arabia . officials do not know if one person infected the other or if both became infected at the same location one of the two however had visited a camel farm it is estimated that nearly of dromedary or singlehump camels in saudi arabia have come into contact with the mers virus researchers said in february . it is also known that both patients have underlying conditions that make them probably more susceptible to infection with this virus the health ministry said in a statement . the announcement comes as the world health organization said the spread of the virus has become more urgent but at least for now is not calling it a global health emergency . the first cases of middle east respiratory syndrome were diagnosed in the arabian peninsula in mers attacks the respiratory system and symptoms can lead to pneumonia or kidney failure . there have been over confirmed cases of mers including deaths according to the world health organization . many of the cases are in saudi arabia and the united arab emirates . even without any official worldwide alert anne schuchat the head of the cdcs national center for immunization and respiratory diseases acknowledges that this is a relatively new virus that does have a high fatality rate ample reason to pay attention authorities havent pinned down all the details about how exactly it arose and how it spreads though schuchat said we dont have evidence right now that this is airborne the way the measles virus is . two cases have been confirmed in the united states both patients are health care providers who were working in saudi arabia those cases are in indiana and florida . cnns miriam falco contributed to this report
cnnthe announcement this year of a new original dr seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across twitter and months before publication the number of preorders for what pet should i get continues to climb . to keep up with demand the books first printing was increased from to million copies barbara marcus president and publisher of random house childrens books said in a news release monday . we were absolutely overjoyed to see the response to what pet should i get from every corner of the book world the bookselling community media educators and readers nationwide marcus said . the publisher also released to cnn a neverbeforeseen image from the new volume by dr seuss aka theodor geisel it features a brother and sister familiar to seuss fans as they ogle a prim feline in a pet shop window and ponder . we want a pet . we want a pet . what kind of pet . should we get . when what pet should i get debuts july it will be the first new original dr seuss book since oh the places youll go in it features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic one fish two fish red fish blue fish and is believed to have been written between and . ted loved and had pets himself as a young boy on up through adulthood and that makes the wonderful excitement and buzz for this new book all the more special said susan brandt president licensing and marketing of dr seuss enterprises . geisels widow audrey geisel found the manuscript and illustrations in their california home soon after her husband died in the materials were set aside and then rediscovered in random house childrens books said in february that it expects to release additional books from the found materials . it only seems to prove the brother and sisters lesson from one fish two fish red fish blue fish . from there to here . from here to there . funny things . are everywhere
last year after cnn readers voted for me to do a story on income inequality i spent two weeks reporting from what was then the most unequal place in america east carroll parish louisiana its a tiny patch of land on the western bank of the mississippi river home to a beautiful oxbow lake called lake providence that lake i found is a stark barrier between rich and poor and a fitting microcosm for inequality across the nation . my goal in reporting on the parish on your behalf was to spark a national conversation on income inequality that could in some small way help push for change . im now happy to report that the level of income inequality in east carroll parish while still quite high has dropped considerably . new york is now the worst . east carroll parish went from topoflist to no . manhattan or new york county has the highest inequality rating followed by borden county texas franklin county mississippi which i visited in for a very different kind of story mineral county colorado and greene county georgia according to census data released on thursday the new data is part of the american community survey and is an average of data from the years to . the census and many economists use a wonky metric called the gini coefficient to measure how income is spread across a particular society or geography a rating of zero means a society is perfectly equal or that everyone has the same level of income a rating of one means that literally all the income falls into the hands of one man or woman east carroll parish had a rating of in which was the most recent data available when i traveled to the parish now its rating is which isnt that much higher than the us gini coefficient which is according to the census . its a big change kirby posey a survey statistician at the us census bureau said of the shift in east carroll parish its also one he said thats statistically significant when you compare data from the parish to the current set . new york countys inequality meanwhile has remained constant over the same period holding steady at about . mind you that level of inequality is still not good the united states is one of the most economically split nations in the world with more income inequality than nigeria or russia the most equal country according to cia data is sweden with a rating of . also theres a lag in data reporting the most recent numbers those released on thursday come from interviews that were taken between and as part of the american community survey so its difficult to get an exact snapshot of this moment . i do however find east carroll parishs drop in inequality promising . its hard from my desk in atlanta to tease out exactly how and why this shift occurred in east carroll parish posey from the census wasnt sure either i left messages with the sheriff of east carroll parish and the mayor of lake providence among others but i havent heard back from them ill update this piece if and when i do . the one resident i could reach was bernadette barrett or sister bernie as shes known locally because shes an irish catholic nun she told me some new jobs including those with a pepper farm and at a chemical processing plant have come to town or are coming soon some people have gotten employed there so thats helping bring people up she said she told me theres talk of a new tomato cannery in town too . the numbers however indicate something else may be at play the rich are getting less rich the average income for the top of earners in the parish was in but fell sharply to only in the data show the average income for the top fell from to over the same period . its unclear what would have caused that plunge . there have been symbolic signs of progress though among them is that locals and volunteers finished painting a mural downtown it features a crossword puzzle with words like believe hope and change it also includes a painting of dede willis a young woman who was featured in the video on the income gap in lake providence which i produced with videographer edythe mcnamee . ill leave you for now with something willis then told us on our visit if one day someone just came and said dede heres a million dollars do whatever you want i would build a huge bridge across the lake and then after a while the rich and the poor are not going to have a choice but to talk to each other . my hope is that dedes bridge at least symbolically is already being built
among the calls for justice in the maryville missouri rape case is one from a familiar guy fawkes maskwearing face . anonymous the activist hacking collective that has instigated cyberattacks on such groups as the church of scientology and the westboro baptist church made a statement tuesday regarding the case of daisy coleman the high schooler who says she was raped by a local football player the case is back in the news after a recent investigative report by the kansas city star raised questions about the way it was handled . we demand an immediate investigation into the handling by local authorities of daisys case anonymous said we have heard daisys story far too often we heard it from steubenville halifax and uttar pradesh if maryville wont defend these young girls if the police are too cowardly or corrupt to do their jobs if justice system has abandoned them then we will have to stand for them . the statement closed with anonymous traditional tagline we are anonymous we are legion we do not forgive we do not forget . missouri prosecutor to seek special prosecutor in teen rape case . a rape case may seem like a strange cause for anonymous which is better known for defending internet freedoms but its not the first time the group has gotten involved in highprofile episodes of of bullying or sexual assault . last year it posted information about the reputed tormenter of amanda todd the vancouver girl who committed suicide in after a topless photo of her led to teasing and abuse at school . anonymous also threatened to reveal names of students involved in the steubenville ohio rape case involving a high school girl who was sexually assaulted by two high school football players witnesses to the crime talked about the incident on social media sites sharing photographs and using degrading terms for the victim . cnn reached out to anonymous for comment via a twitter site affiliated with the collective but did not immediately receive a reply . the group sees itself as a defender of the defenseless it was also active in spreading the word of the occupy movement and making trouble for opponents . who is anonymous everyone and no one . anonymous likens itself to the air force of the occupy movement cnns amber lyon reported in when they see evidence of what they believe is police misbehavior anonymous strikes back releasing personal information about specific officers . gabriella coleman a professor at mcgill university in montreal whos written extensively on anonymous says the group has gotten involved with rape cases only recently . historically anonymous tended to get involved in censorship and social movements she said but because they have no mandates there have been operations relating to any and every cause if theres one that becomes particularly powerful and i would say thats what happened with steubenville then it does become part of the repertoire of injustices they get involved in . if theres a particular perceived injustice the group is more driven to get involved coleman says in the maryville case authorities dropped the charges against the athletes who had been implicated in the alleged rape . but coleman adds theres also a bit of chance involved she said anonymous picked up on the maryville case after a twitter message was sent to an account affiliated with the group it read this is what happens when anonymous doesnt get involved in a rape case with a link to the kansas city star story . the fact that the case was essentially closed may have prodded the collective she adds . basically its case closed she said if it was an ongoing case they would still maybe get involved but it attracts more attention in a situation like this there are still a lot of questions . maryville is the third rape case anonymous has been part of in a year she observes . though anonymous originated out of the website and initially took on activities for thrills its focus has changed in the past few years says coleman now operations tend to be politically motivated and theres even some backbiting if things get out of hand . for example people involved in the maryville project have been critical of the steubenville operation because there was so much collateral damage coleman said . they do learn from previous operations she said though the nature of anonymous is that its activities remain fluid . its difficult to know whether anonymous demands have had any impact on the maryville case but missouri lt gov peter kinder on tuesday called for a grand jury review of the evidence
the parents of slain american journalist james foley said friday the us and other governments will eventually have to negotiate with the islamist group that beheaded their son in august . eventually i think were going to have to negotiate john foley said in an interview on french radio this situation is not going to be solved by military intervention and money alone so at some point in time people are going to have to talk . foleys mother diane agreed that we need to talk with them and that isis needs to be understood by our world . she said in the interview with europe that the us should reevaluate the policies about negotiation with terrorists and foleys father conceded that while a ransom may not have saved his sons life it wouldnt cost anything to negotiate . foleys mother said friday she believed the us government tried very hard to try and free her son but in an interview with cnns anderson cooper last month the bereaved mother said she was embarrassed and appalled by how the us government handled her sons abduction . i think our efforts to get jim freed were an annoyance she said in september . foleys parents have since established a foundation the james w foley legacy fund which aims to support families of us hostages conflict reporting organizations and educational groups and institutions . foleys mother appalled by us government handling of case . and the parents were adamant in their belief that journalists should continue to cover conflict around the world to reveal atrocities . if we allow the terrorists to prevent journalists from going into these areas then atrocities continue and the world is unaware we look the other way and evil continues john foley said in the interview so we need the world community to come together to try and answer this challenge
the norse god of thunder makes his bigscreen debut in the latest marvel movie the first of three heading our way this summer portents are good for future developments but director kenneth branagh makes heavy weather of the back story . if youre not up on your viking mythology thor is the guy with the hammer and the tempestuous temper in stan lees resurrection his father odin punished thors recklessness by condemning him to a double life as dr donald blake a physician who would pick up the cudgel when evil threatened mankind . the movie gives us a brand new deity who is also a bit of both . the story teetertotters between the exiled thor crashlanding in new mexico where hes immediately run over by natalie portmans stormchasing astrophysicist jane and asgard where he vies with halfbrother loki tom hiddleston to vanquish the ice giants not a hockey team and win the respect of their father anthony hopkins gamely trying to inject some learlike gravitas while modeling an eye patch and several bespoke bronze helmets . an unholy combination of a vegas penthouse and disney palazzo asgard is a computergenerated valhalla with gold fixtures and diaphanous walls revealing hubblesque views of the cosmos a vast waterfall drains out into space and an electric highway allows the gods to drop in on any of the nine realms one of which is earth the stereoscopic scenery is impressive but the screenwriters have a tin ear for godspeak settling for something between shakespeare and the mighty morphin power rangers . presumably this is why marvel turned the reins over to ken branagh whose credentials include hamlet henry v and much ado about nothing branagh has a penchant for backslapping bluster and bravado as well as the kind of kinky cameraangles that make you wonder if someones tripod has lost a leg which pretty well describes the movies exhaustingly lopsided first act . thor is on much safer ground here on earth the tone is immediately different more relaxed comic not cosmic as jane and her colleagues a wisecracking kat dennings and mistrustful stellan skarsgard figure out whether the blond muscle man who fell to earth is a lunatic or a miracle . in this incarnation thor has lost his power tool the hammer affectionately known as mjolnir but he has kept his wits about him and takes his new circumstances in his stride . ireport natalie portman should give her oscar back . beefy australian newcomer chris hemsworth seems to be channeling the young branagh in his portrait of an impetuous gallant alpha male burning to be king theres no finesse in the performance but broad strokes are all it takes the other actors just bounce off him and the movie finds its sense of fun . but it never settles for long all the substantial plotting takes place on the astral plane in asgard the new mexico episodes feel like a sideshow . ireport fans rave for thor . in essence another plank in the elaborate foundation work for the forthcoming avengers movie what thor sorely lacks is a center of gravity on the other hand it is as spectacular as million can buy and very much at the milder end of the spectrum it should hook legions of kids who can look forward to years more thor probably bigger and better in the future
heikki kovalainen prevented practice for the inaugural abu dhabi grand prix from being an allbritish affair as he topped the timesheets after the second session . with three minutes of the session remaining and with lewis hamilton poised to edge out jenson button at the top of the standings kovalainen ensured it would be a mclaren onetwo rather than a british onetwo that led the way ahead of sundays race . conditions for the second period were markedly different to those in the first as outgoing world champion hamilton pipped new titleholder button by just seconds . earlier as the drivers acclimatised themselves to the new yas marina circuit they basked in temperatures of degrees celsius . it was still degrees when the second session began at local time but on this occasion the following minutes would be played out under a setting sun for the first time in history and ultimately floodlights as day shifted into night . ultimately it was finn kovalainen who led the way with a time of one minute over seconds quicker than hamiltons best earlier in the day . but that was no surprise as the drivers grew accustomed to the track culminating in the finn ending up quicker than his mclaren teammate by just seconds with brawn gps button seconds down on kovalainen . sebastian vettel looking for a small degree of consolation for the year by finishing second to button in the championship was fourth quickest in his red bull seconds behind kovalainen . toyotas kamui kobayashi who is deputising for the injured timo glock was fifth followed by toro rossos sebastien buemi and red bulls mark webber winner in brazil last time out . the top was completed by brawns rubens barrichello who himself has designs on finishing runnerup to his teammate with williams nico rosberg ninth and kimi raikkonen in his ferrari . bmw saubers robert kubica finished bottom of the timesheets but that came after blowing an engine after laps . that is likely to incur a grid penalty for the race as he has already used the permissible eight engines for the season . meanwhile the williams team have confirmed cosworth will be their new engine supplier from next season . after recently ending their contract with toyota ahead of schedule the news is unsurprising as williams have long been touted to again join forces with cosworth after previously working with them in . team principal frank williams told reporters cosworth have impressed us with the quality of their technical team and convinced us their program will deliver a competitive formula one engine . in addition like williams cosworth is an independent company whose owners share our passion for racing and engineering . we believe that working together we will develop not only a competitive racing car for but also a longterm partnership that can take on the best in formula one
amid international condemnation after security forces reportedly attacked demonstrators at a peaceful rally reportedly killing nearly people the guinean government said tuesday most of the victims were crushed in the crowd . police arrest a protester on monday near a stadium in guineas capital conakry during a protest . reports put the death toll at with more than people injured us state department spokesman ian kelly said in a statement tuesday earlier the united nations citing media reports said at least people died monday when security forces opened fire to disperse a demonstration at a stadium in the capital conakry . the united states condemns the guinean militarys brazen and inappropriate use of force against civilians kelly said the military also stands accused of carrying out brutal rapes and sexual assaults on women demonstrators and bystanders during its rampage . on tuesday the african union expressed its grave concern about the situation the au commission strongly condemns the indiscriminate firing on unarmed civilians which left dozens dead and many others injured while serious other violations of human rights were committed the au stated . tens of thousands of people were protesting the rule of capt moussa dadis camara who seized power in a bloodless coup in december according to usbased human rights watch . the united states demanded the immediate release of opposition leaders and a return to civilian rule the state department statement said . human rights watch also condemned the violence against generally peaceful demonstrators and urged the government to hold accountable the security forces it quoted victims and witnesses who said security forces sexually assaulted women at the demonstration and also attacked demonstrators with knives and bayonets . women were raped by soldiers in the stadium i saw them former guinean prime minister sidya tour told the french newspaper le monde tour led the country from and was participating in the peaceful demonstration . the government maintained in a statement that according to preliminary investigations most of the innocent victims died as a result of being crushed in the crowd . and it blamed certain political leaders for staging the demonstration despite being asked not to do so and warned that security could not be guaranteed for the gathering . the leaders stormed the stadium breaking down doors and the main entryways causing much violence that left dozens of victims including who died by suffocation and four killed by ricocheting bullets which were recorded that day by authorities working with the guinean red cross and verified by hospital officials the government said . it accused the leaders of looting two police commissaries before the demonstrations letting prisoners out of jail and stealing weapons . the government said it condemns these deliberate acts in violation of the law and are working to find and bring to justice those responsible for these reprehensible acts . the au noted the violence comes amid serious uncertainties and setbacks in the effort to restore constitutional order to guinea after the december coup the au urged the coup leaders to stick to their vow not to run for office in the january presidential election . the european unions foreign policy chief javier solana also condemned the actions of security forces in conakry on monday . solana called for the immediate release of the arrested political leaders and asked authorities to exercise maximum restraint and ensure a peaceful and democratic transition . guinea was thrown into turmoil in december after the death of president lansana conte he was one of only two presidents to rule guinea after it gained independence from france in . conte came to power in when the military seized control of the government after the death of the first president sekou tour . following his death camara seized control in a bloodless military coup and declared himself president of the national council for democracy which he called a transitional body that would oversee the countrys return to democracy
durham has settled a lawsuit filed by members of the duke university mens lacrosse team who were exonerated of sexually assaulting an exotic dancer in the north carolina city said in a statement friday . the city has settled with former players david evans collin finnerty and reade seligmann who were wrongly accused of a sexual assault at a party . as part of the settlement durham will make a onetime grant of to the north carolina innocence inquiry commission . as the city has maintained throughout it believes that its police officers had an obligation to investigate the allegations made by crystal mangum in and that no police officer nor any other city employee engaged in improper conduct the statement said the former district attorney mike nifong was not a city employee and mr nifong was subsequently convicted of criminal contempt and disbarred for his actions . nifong also spent a day in jail for his handling of the case . the charges against the three men forced the cancellation of the teams highly anticipated season and cost coach mike pressler his job . in april north carolina attorney general roy cooper reviewed the case and exonerated the three men declaring that the charges never should have been brought against them . when attorney general roy cooper announced his decision the city expressed its concurrence in attorney general coopers decision the statement said today the city reaffirms that it fully concurs with the attorney generals decision to dismiss the charges and with his conclusion that mr evans mr seligmann and mr finnerty were innocent of the charges for which they were indicted . duke university and the three players reached an undisclosed settlement shortly after the charges were dropped in
police in the northern afghanistan province of kunduz are looking for a man they say strangled his wife after she bore him a third child that was not a son . sher mohammed married his wife storay four years ago police said . the couple had three daughters the last of whom was born three months ago said khanabad district police chief sufi habib . after the youngest daughter was born mohammed blamed his wife for not being able to deliver a boy habib said . finally on saturday the man with the help of his mother first beat the woman and then strangled her to death the police chief said . khanabad is about kilometers miles from kunduz city . police arrested the mother wali hazrata and detained her at the kunduz city jail but her son fled . in a jailhouse interview hazrata said her sons wife committed suicide out of guilt . my son did not commit the crime hazrata said but after three daughters storay herself felt guilty and committed suicide . the report comes weeks after afghan police said they rescued a girl who was locked up in the basement of her inlaws house starved and had her nails pulled out . the girl sahar gul was married off to a man last year authorities in northern baghlan province said the girl reportedly was tortured after she refused to submit to prostitution . activists say women continue to suffer in parts of afghanistan despite overall progress since the fall of the taliban . in the second quarter of last year the afghan independent human rights commission aihrc registered cases of violence against women in it recorded cases . in december gunmen attacked and sprayed an afghan family with acid in their home after the father rejected a mans bid to marry his teenage daughter . in another case a identified only as gulnaz for her own protection was sentenced to years in prison after she reported that her cousins husband had raped her . her plight attracted international attention when it came out that she had agreed to marry her attacker to gain her freedom and legitimize a daughter conceived in the attack she was eventually freed following president hamid karzais intervention . horia mosadiq a londonbased afghan researcher for the rights group amnesty international said the abuse inflicted on storay mohammed is not an isolated instance . generally the human rights situation and particularly womens rights is deteriorating she told cnn i am in constant contact with womens rights groups across the country and they say they are seeing an increase in violence . this is in part because the afghan government does little to implement or enforce the laws that protect womens rights she said . she also sees it as a consequence of women across the country gaining greater awareness of their rights which is leading both to a backlash from men and to more cases of violence being reported . on top of that the afghan governments move toward peace and reconciliation talks with the taliban has led many people to think the current oppression of women will simply continue as it is mosadiq said . we need to make sure that we protect the women its so important that womens rights in afghanistan are nonnegotiable she said . the alleged involvement of storay mohammeds motherinlaw in her abuse is not unusual mosadiq added as women often play a role in violence against other women within the family as do husbands fathers and brothers . and there is a heavy cultural pressure to bear sons who are viewed as the breadwinners she said with the birth of a daughter seen as a burden rather than something to celebrate . if the situation of afghan women is to improve mosadiq said a strong political will is needed at the government level backed up by strong pressure from the international community . where the international community puts so much pressure and focus on a military solution they should also think about the protection of the afghan people and afghan women she said . cnns laura smithspark contributed to this report
on the same day voters head to the polls in kansas independent senate candidate greg orman whos hoping to oust incumbent republican sen pat roberts said tuesday his campaign feels confident about his chances but he again refused to say which party he would caucus with if he wins the election . we feel confident voters obviously are attracted to what were trying to get accomplished he said on cnns new day they realize washington is broken and that ultimately were not going to solve the problems in washington by sending the same people back there . kansas sate coach apologizes for endorsing pat roberts . frustrated critics say orman has not been transparent about who he would vote with in congress a crucial unknown factor with the senate majority hanging in the balance . im not going there to represent the democratic party or the republican party im going there to represent kansas he said adding that he plans to work with senators from both parties . things that will almost definitely happen on election night . he gave a few examples tuesday of where he would stand on the issues saying he would have voted in favor of the farm bill and the veterans affairs reform bill . ormans campaign surged earlier this fall after the democratic candidate dropped out suddenly making the kansas race more competitive than expected recent polls show orman and roberts in a dead heat . a viewers guide to election night
it is already one of the worlds mostwatched sporting events but english premier league officials hope to extend the football competitions popularity with a tour that gives fans the chance to experience it close up . starting in abu dhabi later this month the official premier league trophy will be at the center of an interactive exhibition which will also go to dubai qatar and saudi arabia until the end of april . the tour will then head to hong kong during the preseason barclays asia trophy in late july and in and it will visit china southeast asia the united states india and south africa . the premier league sponsored by banking group barclays broadcasts matches each season to million homes in more than countries . in an estimated cumulative global audience of billion viewed more than hours of coverage while millionplus fans attended matches in england . league officials have mooted the possibility of playing a round of matches outside of britain but footballs world ruling body fifa rejected the idea . we are excited about joining longterm partners barclays to put on our first official trophy tour for fans around the world premier league chief executive richard scudamore said . we want to show them what is at the heart of our competition the trophy itself as that is what every player and manager competes to get their hands on the fantastic football as played by our clubs because that is what excites hundreds of millions weekin weekout and the history and tradition of english football as that is what helps create the huge interest in the competition . the exhibition will be housed in four domes which profile the leagues clubs simulate the experience of a matchday showcase the trophy and allow fans to picture themselves lifting it against a greenscreen . the halfhour tour is free but entrance must be prebooked through the official website . the schedule starts at abu dhabis the corniche from march then dubais jumeirah beach residence on april doha april and riyadh april
the wife of slain colorado prisons chief tom clements told cnn thursday that she refuses to be angry over the news that the parolee believed to have killed her husband was released from prison four years early because of a clerical error . court officials admitted this week that an error allowed evan ebel the man authorities have linked to clements killing last month to be released in january . much like the incident itself i could become enraged for the rest of my days i could be angry that someone made a mistake and didnt capture what a judge conveyed lisa clements told cnns anderson cooper in her first interview since the march shooting . but it wont bring tom back and then my life is in that and my ability to be a good mother to my children so i choose not to make it a focus . the error dates back to when ebel pleaded guilty to punching a prison guard in the face while serving an eightyear sentence for armed robbery and menacing a judge ordered him to serve another four years consecutively but a court clerk entered the sentence as concurrent according to documents and court officials . men questioned as colorado manhunt continues . authorities believe ebel rang the doorbell of clements home and opened fire when clements opened the front door . lisa clements said she and her daughters rachel and sarah are praying for our ability to forgive . i think its not perhaps a point in time thing i think its something we grow into she said . fighting back tears clements wife and two daughters described a loving family man who was more than just his job description . associate of suspected colorado killer arrested . i see him as my dad he was my hero he intervened in my life so many times and he really changed my path i just want people to know that that hes my dad sarah clements said . his daughter rachel said i would like people to see how he lived his life and that is so much more important than how he died he lived his life with such passion and compassion for other people . clements and his wife met at age while both were studying sociology . lisa clements said she was drawn to her husband because of his compassion his desire to help people . at a very early age that was very interesting to me she said . the family told cnn that they are trying to move beyond the actions that led to clements killing . thats due in part to stories clements shared with them . texas da wife remembered at memorial service . often the prisons chief met with victims of crime many told him how their lives had been ruined by violence and they were unable to forgive the perpetrator . but some of the victims told clements they had to move past it they had to live their lives . it would just be the ultimate tragedy if toms life were this horrific end and my life was destroyed by it lisa clements said . she has taken comfort from a passage from scripture that says when darkness overtakes the godly light comes bursting through . that horrific night and the sound of that doorbell and all that happened was just unmentionable darkness she said . i trust that people will see light coming through that they will see a man lived a good life and peoples lives were impacted by that
it was the music of rebellion and youth artists traded witty improvisations onstage chronicling the pain and the promise of being black in america inspiring innercity and rural southern audiences alike in nightclubs and on street corners . atlantabased jaspects fuses rap with jazz in hopes of preserving both genres and appealing to young people . that music was jazz . today jaspects an atlantabased group of young musicians who were born in the hiphop era fuse rap and jazz melodies to introduce younger audiences to jazz and the broader ideas regarding africanamerican society . for jaspects whose music has appeared in the movie hustle flow and recently was featured in the cnn documentary series black in america the lessons of jazz go beyond its artistic merits to questions about the ownership and control of black music in general . veteran saxophonist jimmy heath who has performed with nearly all the jazz greats of the last years says that the music called jazz today began as a voice of the repressed . the history of jazz comes with the history of africanamerican people because whenever they were permitted they always sang and played their music when they were in their own quarters and eventually i think when instruments were available they started to play music on those instruments heath says . jazz was born a raw and energetic rebuttal of what was musically acceptable at the time and became the voice of a generation of africanamerican youth watch as jaspect fuses hiphop and jazz . terrence brown pianist and musical director for jaspects says hiphop shares the same roots . these people wanted to do more than just bach and beethoven they didnt want to play history they wanted to make history brown says i guess when jazz and the harlem renaissance began to give birth people really felt the need to express themselves and that is similar to how hiphop was created . as jazz started to gain popularity outside of black america in the and gained an international following many say the music became distanced from its cultural origins . in his exhaustive work on the africanamerican experience africana harvard university professor henry louis gates jr writes that while black musicians were the principal innovators during this era white musicians often reaped the fame and benefits and that the black musicians who found greatest favor with whites were those with a happygolucky air and a ready grin . with the exception of groups such as jaspects jazz today is considered by brown and some others to be a museum piece that aged instead of evolving brown says hiphop is following a similar route and he says a major reason is a lack of ownership of the music . hopefully there will come a time where a lot of africanamericans who do have money and do have the resources take over some of these corporations and not just have the no hit record on the charts because that in itself will allow the community to give back to itself brown says . rapper nas whose real name is nasir jones made a provocative declaration with the release of his album hip hop is dead that the genre is dead because we no longer have the power . at the same time there has been a rise of prominent black music executives such as sean p diddy combs jayz russell simmons and jermaine dupri jayz and p diddy who earned million and million respectively in were named hiphops cash kings by forbes magazine . dupri owner of record label so so def records and producer of hits for recording artists tlc usher and mariah carey disagrees that corporate ownership is affecting black music for the worse . they corporations have their input but if you let the money guide you then thats how you let them control you says dupri who released his first book in young rich and dangerous the making of a music mogul . if you are driven by money then the backers that are giving you the money tell you what to do . dupri says that there are not enough african americans who are in control of the music business and that education has a lot to do with it . thats a lot of the problem its always been something that lot of people can get in quick without really doing anything without learning but you have to learn everything about it dupri says . brown says hes hopeful that the rise of black leadership in music will have a positive impact on the community . we need to get to a place where we own our own things as africanamericans and a place that the things we do generate money for our own communities brown says not only that but that we generate a sense of culture style and substance for our community . jaspects and groups like them are hoping to change things a little using hiphop the music of rebellion and youth in they are introducing jazz to a new generation to tell its story preserve its artistry and learn its lessons