the ioc opened a high-level investigation thursday into what one top olympic official described as bribes paid by the salt lake city bid committee to help secure the 2002 winter games .
what started as a local controversy in salt lake city has evolved into a full-blown international scandal .
the board of trustees overseeing the salt lake city olympics will meet in emergency session next week to dicuss the controversy surrounding alleged rules violations involving the bid for the 2002 winter games .
organizers of the olympic games in salt lake city are not to blame for a bribery scandal that has embarrassed the olympic movement , but were victims of blackmail , the swiss official who made the allegations said monday .
under the scornful glare of his boss , the international olympic committee member who uncapped the biggest scandal in the agency 's history urged his colleagues monday to work for honesty . 
members of the delegation for quebec city 's 2002 winter olympics bid feel betrayed in light of the scandal surrounding the successful bid by salt lake city .
the olympic executive whose accusations of bribery and blackmail rocked the ioc says as many as 25 members might have received favors or cash for votes in four recent elections to choose sites for the games .
salt lake city should be ordered to pay dlrs 14 million in compensation to its competitors for having cheated in the race for the 2002 winter olympics , the leader of a rival bid said friday .
mahmoud el-farnawani , paid dlrs 58,000 as a consultant for the salt lake bid committee in 1994-95 , says he delivered access , not votes , to utah olympic boosters .
insisting he bribed no one and did nothing wrong , tom welch contends his organization acted responsibly in its winning bid for the 2002 winter olympics .
australian international olympic committee member phil coles should resign after being implicated in the salt lake city bribery scandal , the head of melbourne 's commonwealth games bid said thursday .
an ioc official ousted in the bribery scandal involving salt lake city 's successful bid for the 2002 winter olympics insists that gifts and favors he received never influenced his vote , the los angeles times reported sunday .
with initial evidence-gathering completed , justice department officials have begun weighing whether to seek indictments of anyone over the scandal surrounding salt lake city 's successful effort to win the 2002 winter olympics , a law enforcement official said thursday .
the two chief organizers of salt lake city 's bid to be host to the 2002 winter olympics pleaded not guilty on monday to federal charges that they had conspired to bribe members of the international olympic committee .
ohio state coach john cooper has made his appeal to the voters in the associated press poll : if no , 2 florida state barely beats no .
under the new bowl coalition format that crowned a clear-cut national champion , more people were expected to watch the 1999 fiesta bowl title game .
year two of the bowl championship series will bring a few new wrinkles to the process of selecting the teams to play in its national championship game .
atlantic coast conference commissioner john swofford will be the coordinator for the bowl championship series this season .
the new system for selecting the two teams for college football 's national championship game is not perfect , but it 's certainly better than the methods used in the past , sec commissioner roy kramer said tuesday .
it will be the only college football contest played this season in which the lowest score wins , officials of the new bowl championship series have approved a statistical rating system to decide the nation 's top two teams , as well as other schools eligible to participate in the four-bowl series .
there 's a new poll , a new no , 1 and some new math for gridiron-ologists to digest as college football marches on to the bowl season and , presumably an undisputed national champion .
a fifth bowl could be added to the bowl championship series as soon as 2001 if a preliminary plan recently introduced to college football officials earns approval .
in a critical ruling for the north american national basketball association and the players ' union , arbitrator john feerick decides monday whether more than 200 players with guaranteed contracts should be paid during the lockout .
he was the classic small-town prodigy , with the creativity of a big-city profiteer , when there was no shot to take , he invented a new one .
in a decision that will almost certainly lead to the first work stoppage in national basketball association history , the league monday announced the cancellation of all 114 preseason games .
patrick ewing did not want to sound like a striking longshoreman demanding health benefits , i 'm not going to try and put it in dollars and cents . 
the first substantive talks in more than two months between opposing sides of the national basketball association 's labor dispute came and went thursday without a hint of a settlement .
despite modest encouragement over a new proposal delivered by the players to the owners , the national basketball association tuesday canceled the first two weeks of the regular season , the first time in the league 's 51-year history that it will lose games to a labor dispute .
the national basketball association , embroiled in a labor dispute with its players , tuesday canceled the first two weeks of the 1998-99 season .
more than 220 national basketball association players with guaranteed contracts will find out monday whether they are to be paid during the management lockout , a long-awaited arbitrator 's decision that may affect leverage in the league 's dispute with the players and have major ramifications on american sports-labor law .
as labor battles go , the current one between the national basketball association and its players is weird even by sports standards .
organizers of december 's asian games have dismissed press reports that a sports complex would not be completed on time , saying preparations are well in hand , a local newspaper said friday .
thailand showed its nearly complete facilities for the asian games to a tough jury thursday , the heads of the organizing committees from the 43 nations competing in the december event .
thai police have detained more than 300 beggars , most from neighboring countries , in a campaign to make bangkok 's streets safer for spectators and athletes arriving for the upcoming asian games , a senior police officer said friday .
china 's national soccer team could call back four players from overseas to boost its chances at the asian games in thailand in december , an official newspaper reported monday .
saudi arabia 's abrupt withdrawal from the asian games left organizers scrambling thursday to change schedules and thai diplomats mulling a decade of relations strained by jewel theft and the murder of diplomats .
horses belonging to iran 's equestrian team will not be allowed to compete in next month 's asian games because they failed to meet the requirements of the games ' veterinary commission , the thai organizers announced thursday .
saudi arabia is considering sending a small team to the bangkok asian games from which it pulled out unexpectedly this week , a saudi official said saturday .
a snooker game between longtime asian rivals india and pakistan led to a flareup of tempers sunday , showing a depth of differences that shocked thai organizers and spectators at the asian games .
for some teams , out of bounds at the asian games means more than just a line on a soccer field or basketball floor , that 's because the host city offers the punchy mix of viagra and notorious night life .
in rites building from low flares symbolizing dawn to a fiery cauldron lighting , thailand 's king opened the asian games sunday night , giving thais some respite from an economic crisis that once threatened the continent 's olympic-style event .