a far right military man won nearly half the votes in brazil election
house republicans questioned the quality of work produced by the census bureau in a count that is ahead of schedule and said the shortcomings may affect the accuracy of the raw data collected for census 2000 .
a political dispute masquerading as a legal issue makes its first appearance in federal court thursday as republicans try to prevent the clinton administration from using statistical methods in the 2000 census .
president clinton on tuesday nominated new york social scientist kenneth prewitt to head the census bureau , an agency mired in a political and legal controversy as it tries to get an accurate reading for the year 2000 population count .
following are excerpts from the decision by a three-judge federal panel in a lawsuit filed by the house of representatives against the commerce department over the proposed use of statistical sampling in the 2000 census .
having lost two decisions in the lower courts , clinton administration officials and advocates of statistical sampling in the 2000 census have begun to think about ways to use a modified form of the controversial methodology even if they do not prevail in the supreme court .
a sharply divided supreme court on monday struck down president clinton 's controversial proposal to use a statistical formula to complement the traditional head count of the u.s. population in the 2000 census .
kenneth prewitt , the administration 's census director nominee , on thursday told the u.s. senate governmental affairs committee that it was crucial that the issue of statistical sampling be settled soon .
brazilian stocks dropped sharply monday in the lowest trading volume of the year despite the almost certain re-election of president fernando henrique cardoso .
attention has shifted in brazil from the president 's almost-certain re-election to gubernatorial runoff elections , on which the success of belt tightening measures deemed necessary to avert an economic meltdown may hinge .
A far-right former military man won nearly half the votes in Brazil’s presidential election on Sunday.
with president fernando henrique cardoso 's economic austerity plan at a critical point for brazil , voters went to the polls sunday to elect governors in 12 states and the federal district of brasilia .
this time around , the presidential rolls royce is staying in the garage , and forget about champagne , the inauguration will be toasted with locally-grown sparkling wine and contraband whiskey seized by customs officials .
brazilian voters appeared to re-elect president fernando henrique cardoso in the first round of balloting sunday , thus maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis .
brazilian voters gave president fernando henrique cardoso a comfortable lead in the first round of balloting sunday , apparently maintaining the leadership of a country struggling against economic crisis .
through the anxious weeks leading up to the national elections here on sunday , as some $ 30 billion fled brazil despite the doubling of domestic interest rates , international financial officials watched for the government to tackle cost-cutting reforms as soon as voting ended .
the new york times said in editorial for wednesday , oct. 7 : brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso has little time to savor his apparent first-round re-election victory sunday .
rivals of president fernando henrique cardoso won important victories in gubernatorial races sunday , handing the recently re-elected president a complex landscape for pushing through long-delayed government and economic reforms .
the brazilian government , which recently pledged to slash discretionary spending by $ 7 billion in an urgent attempt to boost its economic credibility , has released new budget figures that show the true reduction will run about half the promised amount .
egyptian president hosni mubarak arrived saturday for a one-day visit to discuss regional problems with saudi king fahd and other high-ranking officials .
president hosni mubarak of egypt will go to syria and turkey to help cool tensions between the two countries , which appear to be edging toward a military conflict , a top egyptian official said saturday .
israel is not involved in any way in the current , growing confrontations between turkey and syria , a spokesman said saturday .
about 10,000 turkish soldiers have crossed into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels , and the government said it might send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases there , news reports said saturday .
the turkish government , which sent about 10,000 soldiers into northern iraq to attack kurdish rebels , has said it might send forces into syria to eradicate guerrilla bases there , according to news reports .
egyptian president hosni mubarak flew here on sunday to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey .
signaling it does not want to be involved in any potential military confrontation between syria and turkey , israel is limiting routine exercises along its own border with syria .
egyptian president hosni mubarak flew to damascus on sunday to try to defuse growing tension between syria and turkey .
tension between turkey and syria has risen to the point where the top turkish military commander says the two hostile neighbors have reached a state of undeclared war . 
in a sign of arab concern over growing tensions between turkey and syria , egyptian president hosni mubarak flew on short notice to syria on sunday in an effort to defuse what is being portrayed in the middle east as an unsettling crisis .

israel has threatened to close down the palestinian-run gaza airport over a security violation , an israeli official said tuesday , a move that could further undermine the already fragile peace process .
israeli security officials delayed two planes from taking off from the palestinian airport on wednesday , marking the latest tensions in a rare area of israeli-palestinian cooperation .
palestinians celebrated with euphoria the long-delayed opening of their international airport tuesday as a parade of planes swooped down from cottony skies and glided to a literal red-carpet landing in the flatlands of gaza .
cruising at 19,000 feet on saturday in the cockpit of the first palestinian airlines flight to depart from gaza 's new international airport , capt .
libyan leader moammar gadhafi said the suspects in the lockerbie bombing are very happy to be tried in the netherlands , and he hoped the trial would lead to a better relationship with the united states .
libya has denied u.s.,british allegations that it is delaying the hand-over of two men wanted for the blowing up of an american airliner over lockerbie , scotland .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe arrived monday in egypt after meeting with libyan leader moammar gadhafi , it was not clear if his plane flew directly from libya in violation of a u.n. air embargo on the north african state .
newspapers reported wednesday that three top libyan officials have been tried and jailed in the lockerbie case , but libyan dissidents said the reports appeared to be a political ploy by libya 's leader , col. moammar gadhafi .
secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday that he may travel to libya next week in hopes of closing a deal to try two libyan suspects in the pan am lockerbie bombing .
secretary-general kofi annan said wednesday that he is considering a trip to libya next week that could close a deal to try libyan suspects in the pan am lockerbie bombing .louis farrakhan , the leader of a u.s. muslim group , met with libyan leader moammar gadhafi on sunday and congratulated him on his recovery from a hip injury , state-run libyan radio reported .
among majestic roman ruins set against an azure sea , sebastian cuisenier walked alone , a rare visitor to a site that almost anywhere else in the world would be thronged with tourists .
outwardly at least , nearly everything on display in libya these days seems calculated to project defiance , posters plastered on downtown streets mock six years of u.n. sanctions , hailing as heroes african leaders who have flown to libya in violation of an international ban on air travel here .
with just five days until money for the new fiscal year runs out , president clinton and congressional democrats on monday escalated their criticism of republican leaders for not moving faster on the 13 spending bills needed to keep the government running .

congress is playing chicken with the president and the american public , the federal government is now running on borrowed time .
with four days until temporary financing for the government runs out , house republican leaders tuesday demonstrated a new willingness to resolve several of the spending issues that had pointed toward a government shutdown .
the new york times said in an editorial for wednesday , oct. 7 : in an atmosphere already bitter over impeachment proceedings , president clinton and republican congressional leaders are heading toward another nasty confrontation on the budget that threatens to shut down the government .
with three days until temporary financing of the government expires , republican leaders met wednesday night with white house officials in their first high-level attempt to resolve dozens of spending issues and avoid a government shutdown .
republican congressional leaders presented the clinton administration thursday with a list of lending conditions that they want imposed on the international monetary fund in order for congress to approve $ 18 billion in new money for the imf .
budget negotiations faltered friday , prompting congress to delay until midnight monday its deadline for passing a spending bill to keep the government open .
with the republican plan for a big tax cut having died without coming to a vote in the senate , congress scrambled friday to put together a far smaller tax package that could win bipartisan support .
the clinton administration has begun to consult foreign governments about changes that will be demanded of the international monetary fund under a deal with congress to provide the fund with $ 18 billion , administration and congressional officials said sunday .
cambodian leader hun sen on friday rejected opposition parties ' demands for talks outside the country , accusing them of trying to internationalize the political crisis .
king norodom sihanouk has declined requests to chair a summit of cambodia 's top political leaders , saying the meeting would not bring any progress in deadlocked negotiations to form a government .
cambodia 's two-party opposition asked the asian development bank monday to stop providing loans to the incumbent government , which it calls illegal .
cambodia 's ruling party responded tuesday to criticisms of its leader in the u.s. congress with a lengthy defense of strongman hun sen 's human rights record .
cambodia 's leading opposition party ruled out sharing the presidency of parliament with its arch foe saturday , insisting it alone must occupy the top position in the legislative body .
cambodia 's bickering political parties broke a three-month deadlock friday and agreed to a coalition government leaving strongman hun sen as sole prime minister , king norodom sihanouk announced .
cambodian politicians expressed hope monday that a new partnership between the parties of strongman hun sen and his rival , prince norodom ranariddh , in a coalition government would not end in more violence .
cambodian leader hun sen has guaranteed the safety and political freedom of all politicians , trying to ease the fears of his rivals that they will be arrested or killed if they return to the country .
worried that party colleagues still face arrest for their politics , opposition leader sam rainsy sought further clarification friday of security guarantees promised by strongman hun sen. sam rainsy wrote in a letter to king norodom sihanouk that he was eager to attend the first session of the new national assembly on nov. 25 , but complained that hun sen 's assurances were not strong enough to ease concerns his party members may be arrested upon their return to cambodia .
king norodom sihanouk on tuesday praised agreements by cambodia 's top two political parties , previously bitter rivals , to form a coalition government led by strongman hun sen .
honduras braced for potential catastrophe tuesday as hurricane mitch roared through the northwest caribbean , churning up high waves and intense rain that sent coastal residents scurrying for safer ground .
cuban president fidel castro said sunday he disagreed with the arrest in london of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet , calling it a case of international meddling . 
britain has defended its arrest of gen. augusto pinochet , with one lawmaker saying that chile 's claim that the former chilean dictator has diplomatic immunity is ridiculous .
margaret thatcher entertained former children dictator gen. augusto pinochet at her home two weeks before he was arrested in his bed in a london hospital , the ex-prime minister 's office said tuesday , amid growing diplomatic and domestic controversy over the move .
the spanish and british governments appeared wednesday to be seeking shelter from the political storm brewing over the possible extradition of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet to spain .
a delegation of chilean legislators lobbying against the possible extradition of augusto pinochet to spain to face trial , warned thursday that chile was on the brink of political turmoil .
europe 's top official said friday that he hoped former chilean dictator augusto pinochet would be extradited to spain to be tried for crimes committed during his 17-year rule .
the wife of former chilean dictator augusto pinochet appealed for his release , saying he is too sick to be extradited to spain to face charges of genocide .
the british and spanish prime ministers said sunday that the fate of former chilean dictator gen. augusto pinochet is in the hands of their judicial authorities and they will not interfere .
the swiss government has ordered no investigation of possible bank accounts belonging to former chilean dictator augusto pinochet , a spokesman said wednesday .
as his lawyers in london tried to quash a spanish arrest warrant for gen. augusto pinochet , the former chilean dictator , efforts began in geneva and paris to have him extradited .
the european union on friday expressed its deep concern over reports of physical abuse of malaysia 's former deputy-prime minister , anwar ibrahim , who was arrested last month .
deprived of a voice in state-controlled newspapers and television , supporters of malaysia 's jailed opposition leader have turned to the internet to air their views .
indonesian president b.j , habibie finds attending a summit of asia-pacific leaders difficult because of his concerns about the arrest of malaysia 's former deputy prime minister , a thai newspaper reported sunday .
a key witness in the government 's sexual misconduct case against malaysia 's former deputy prime minister remains determined to appeal his conviction , his attorney said monday .
the leaders of malaysia 's ruling party met tuesday to discuss a replacement for ousted deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim , who faces trial next month in a case that will test the country 's legal system .
lawyers for the prime minister 's former deputy , now his most prominent opponent , went to court thursday to demand their client 's release from indefinite detention .
the arrest of former malaysian deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim wo n't lead to massive social unrest or frighten away investors , malaysia 's trade minister said thursday .
a week after the white house and congressional democrats disavowed his war on speaker newt gingrich , james carville , president clinton 's former campaign strategist and chief outside defender , put forth a new battle cry wednesday : he will not be muzzled .
the presidential campaign of 2000 began wednesday , like it or not , the millennial election will be fought on a political playing field whose rough outlines , if not its exact boundaries , were drawn by the voters in tuesday 's elections , which delivered a crushing disappointment to the giddy hopes of the republicans and an unexpected elixir to the recently ailing democrats .
this is what newt gingrich is supposed to do well , the planning .
stunned by the democratic resurgence in the mid-term elections , congressional republicans tore into each other wednesday over who was to blame for their failure to make the traditional opposition party gains in an off-year election .an intense struggle for control of the house is underway , with rep. bob livingston conducting a telephone campaign to replace rep. newt gingrich as speaker and gingrich fighting with a counter-campaign that has given some members pause about ousting him .
a struggle for control of the house is under way , with rep. robert livingston conducting a telephone campaign that could lead to him running against newt gingrich as speaker .
just four years ago , it was a good bet that newt gingrich would be the pivotal figure in u.s. politics at the turn of the millennium .
house speaker newt gingrich , who orchestrated the republican revolution of recent years and is overseeing the impeachment inquiry into president clinton , was driven from office friday by a party that swiftly turned on him after its unexpected losses in tuesday 's midterm elections .
ariel sharon , the hawkish former general tipped to be israel 's next foreign minister , said in an interview published sunday that if he gets the job , he wo n't shake the hand of palestinian leader yasser arafat .
brief biography of ariel sharon , named israel 's foreign minister : ,,, 1928 : born in kfar mallal in british-ruled palestine , 1948 mideast war : fights as junior officer , wounded three times .
ariel sharon 's appointment as the israeli foreign minister serves as the bullet of mercy for the middle east peace process , an official syrian newspaper said saturday .a senior palestinian negotiator says the success of a peace summit this week near washington depends on a clear-cut yes from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to an american initiative .
ariel sharon has a law degree , and fancies himself a farmer , but for more than three decades his role in israeli public life has been that of an unapologetic warrior , first on the battlefield and later in the bare-knuckled combat of domestic partisan politics .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu appointed ariel sharon , a hawkish former defense minister , to be israeli foreign minister on friday in an effort to placate the far right as he moves closer to turning over more west bank land to the palestinians .
the new york times said in an editorial on saturday , oct. 10 : just days before heading to the united states for critical negotiations with palestinian leaders , prime minister benjamin netanyahu jolted the middle east peace effort with the appointment of ariel sharon as israeli foreign minister .
u.s. president bill clinton won south korea 's support saturday for confronting north korea over a suspected nuclear site , and he warned the north 's communist leaders not to squander a chance to achieve lasting peace on the peninsula .north korean news media on thursday said the communist nation 's military is on full alert for war with the united states if a dispute over nuclear inspections comes to blows .
north korea has agreed to receive a u.s. delegation next month to discuss american concerns about the construction of a vast underground complex that is widely feared to house a nuclear weapons program , the state department said on wednesday .
a congressman who visited remote parts of north korea last week said saturday that the food and health situation there was desperate and deteriorating , and that millions of north koreans might have starved to death in the last few years .
north korea has demanded that the united states pay hundreds of millions of dollars for the right to inspect a huge underground center that u.s. intelligence analysts fear houses a nuclear-weapons program , clinton administration officials said wednesday .
this city has always kept an unwritten list of foreign leaders , dictators , unfriendly authoritarians and consistently annoying allies , who it thinks can make an enormous contribution to peace , security or america 's agenda by taking early retirement , at a minimum .
president clinton made an unusual , direct appeal to north korea on saturday to set aside any nuclear ambitions in favor of strengthening ties to south korea and the united states .
in a green aviator jacket and black cap , president clinton spent sunday visiting american troops stationed in south korea , he promoted a private , sang birthday greetings to a sergeant major and described the threats to his hopes for peaceful engagement with north korea .
in a cocoon of loyal and wealthy supporters , president clinton said friday that he must live with the consequences of his mistakes , although he contended that democrats should take pride in the achievements of his presidency and take heart from its possibilities .