rly strikes from joel matip and eric maxim choupo moting led schalke to a victory over bitter rivals borussia dortmund in the ruhr derby . pierre emerick aubameyang pulled one back for last season s runners ups but jurgen klopp s men could not conjure up a crucial equaliser . dortmund captain mats hummels made his first start of the season after recovering from injury but the defender made a nightmare start as matip gave schalke a th minute lead .
 rob waughpublished est may updated est may a hidden back door in a computer chip could allow cyber criminals a way to override and control computer systems on boeing s . the vulnerability is in an actel chip used in their computer systems and seems to be hard wired into the devices . this could mean the vulnerability in chips used in boeing s flagship dreamliner is near impossible to eradicate .
e incredible sounds of an ice cracking and crashing down into water as an iceberg have been recorded by scientists . in a video the moment a chunk of ice splits apart from a larger glacier is watched live by a camera and underwater recording equipment . by studying the noises the team say it will be possible to detect the different ways that glaciers lose ice into the oceans .
 helen lawsonpublished est february updated est february it may not leave james bond shaken and stirred but this aston martin db is set to sell for more than despite being an estate car rather than a sleeker number . only six of the models were ever produced after aston martin boss david brown wanted a sports car with room for his shotguns and dogs to take on his regular hunting trips . his team of designers came up with the aston martin db vantage shooting brake .
tal flight lieutenant jon egging was flying red when his aircraft ran into difficultythe horrified wife of a red arrows pilot was watching as he crashed his plane into a river and died yesterday . flight lieutenant jon egging s hawk t jet plummeted to the ground as it and eight other red arrows left bournemouth air festival to stage an afternoon fly past over christchurch . his wife emma a museums consultant was in the crowd watching the display .
rmer ufc middleweight ryan jensen turned into a detective when he left the gym to find out his car had been broken into and robbed . jensen may not have enjoyed the most successful of ufc careers having won just two of six bouts but there was no way he was going to lose this battle . the year old instead he scoured the cctv system of the gym he was training at when the robbery happened .
 tara bradypublished est may updated est may he s probably got the best job in the world meet the man paid to drink carlsberg for a living . dane morten ibsen gets to drink five free pints a week as the lager giant s official taste tester . the year old works at the famous company whose advertising slogan used to be it was probably the best lager in the world .
simon jonesarsenal are willing to listen to offers for right back carl jenkinson with newcastle showing interest . the year old could be offered as part of the m deal for mathieu debuchy who has undergone a medical ahead of a move to newcastle although newcastle have also asked about joel campbell on loan . newcastle have also been offered micah richards from manchester city and are maintaining interest in feyenoord s daryl janmaat and ricardo van rhijn of ajax .
rvard professors have been officially banned from having sex with undergraduate students at the university . while many people assume that such behavior would be forbidden some colleges and universities have less restrictive policies . the faculty of arts and sciences s previous policy had only banned sexual relations with one s students rather than students generally according to bloomberg news .
spanish politician has been busted staring at pictures of naked women when he should have been focusing on a political debate . miguel angel revilla former president of the autonomous community of cantabria was photographed ogling over a guitar playing beauty during a regional parliamentary session on monday . the year old was snapped by photographer andres fernandez from the local el diario monta es newspaper .
 mark priggpublished est april updated est april twitter has released a music service to recommend music to users . the service works with apple s itunes and online services spotify and rdio to let people listen to music it thinks they will like . it analyses tweets to find out which songs users most frequently talk about and also lets users see what music artists themselves are listening to .
matt lawless for mailonlinefollow mattylawlessenner valencia says west ham are the talk of ecuador now that he is a hammer . the striker was huge hit at the world cup scoring three goals for his country in brazil which helped him secure a million move to the premier league . after playing minutes in the hammers midweek capital one cup defeat by sheffield united and missing the decisive penalty valencia could now be in line to win his first start in england against southampton on saturday .
utah mother of five has been isolated in her community and is receiving threats for not vaccinating her child . during the national debate over measles and vaccines ursula porter of salt lake city and her husband mark made it public that one of her kids has not been vaccinated . she said that four of her five children aged two to nine years old had been vaccinated and three of them suffered severe reactions .
 hiv scare involving a porn movie actor has spurred another call to halt production in california s adult film industry . the free speech coalition a california based trade group representing the industry is calling for a three day production moratorium following a possible hiv exposure on an out of state film set . the los angeles times reports the group called for the halt on wednesday but didn t name the state where the film set was located .
 his side for interviews and public appearances camille cosby has steadfastly stood by her husband bill . as dozens of allegations pile up against the comedian two more women came forward this week claiming they were assaulted some question how camille can keep up appearances . page six reports that one family friend revered carl dianda who married the couple and saw them last at their th wedding anniversary last year believes bill is innocent of the alleged abuse .
cebook is to roll out a new feature that can inform friends and loved ones of your well being during and after a natural disaster . called safety check the service lets you input whether you are safe or not in the affected area . users can then also see how other friends and family in an affected area are doing and can mark people as safe .
llie mackintosh reveals her top hosting tipsthe glamorous made in chelsea star is always showing off her perfectly put together meals and culinary conquests on social media . and now millie mackintosh reveals her top tips for hosting the perfect dinner party this festive season exclusively to femail . millie s advice comes in light of new research showing two thirds of people per cent are shunning pubs restaurants and parties to instead open their homes to friends and family .
e number of muslim children in england and wales has doubled in a decade according to the most detailed study of its kind . an analysis of census data carried out by the muslim council of britain mcb suggests the muslim population increased by more than a million in the ten years from rising per cent from . million to .
 luke salkeldpublished est august updated est august the mother of a four year old boy feared dead after he fell into the sea told yesterday how she was destroyed beyond words . dylan cecil tumbled into treacherous waters from a slipway before his parents eyes on sunday evening . the parents rachel mccollum and darren cecil both jumped in after him but were unable to reach their son and passers by had to pull them out after several minutes .
al madrid boss carlo ancelotti will begin talks over the possibility of extending his stay at the santiago bernabeu in the new year . the italian tactician is happy with his current crop of players and is content with life in the spanish capital according to madrid based newspaper marca . ancelotti whose current deal expires in arrived at the european champions at the beginning of the season after leaving paris saint germain .
 daniel martinpublished est april updated est april boris johnson earned just under in freelance earnings on top of his salary as london s mayor during his first three years in office it emerged yesterday . he earned from freelance work in the first year after he was elected in . over the four years to april he earned .
louise cheerit was an intimate outback wedding for the happy couple s closest family and friends . but as gemma ludgate and john hancock exchanged vows there was one person noticeable by her absence the groom s mother gina rinehart . the mining magnate australia s richest person had been locked in a bitter battle with her year old son and his siblings for control of the family s multi billion dollar trust fund .
lizzie edmondsthis is the moment a bionic squirrel manages to lift a very heavy looking dumbbell . . .
u . s . academic has been gang raped in papua new guinea by nine armed men who hacked off her blonde hair and left her husband tied naked to a tree .
e trustee liquidating bernard madoff s firm on monday said he is distributing another . million to the swindler s victims bringing the total payout to more than . billion .
daily mail reportera group of young thieves stole more than worth of designer jeans and backpacks from a new york city urban outfitters location this week police have revealed . four men who have been described as in their twenties visited the trendy retailer s financial district store on friday morning and fled the scene with pieces of merchandise . dna info reports that among their loot was ten pairs of prps destroyed rambler jeans that sell for per piece .
is are using significant quantities of us made weapons to spread their reign of terror across the middle east according to a new report . this finding came from london based research group conflict armament research car after it conducted on the ground investigations in iraq and syria . it s been known for a while that isis has been using u .
scarlett russellthree to five years into a marriage is the most common time for the man or woman to have an affair a new survey has claimed . according to research by ashleymadison . com the most commonly used extra marital dating website in the world the seven year itch is a thing of the past .
 louise eccles emine sinmaz and david williamspublished est september updated est october a british holidaymaker canoeing in the amazonian rainforest was snatched at gunpoint by a gang of kidnappers . kathryn cox was dragged away from the river and into the jungle where she was robbed . the year old accountant was then abandoned in the middle of a remote nature reserve teeming with alligators and anacondas when her panicked kidnappers realised the military was closing in on them .
sophie borlandpublished est july updated est july the proportion of britons with dementia has unexpectedly fallen by about a quarter in the last twenty yearsbritons are less likely to develop dementia today than two decades ago researchers claim . a major study found the chances of developing the disease in old age has fallen by a quarter since the s . however the overall number of dementia sufferers is on the rise because more of us live to an age when the illness is most prevalent .
line check in has made it easier to reserve your place on a fight but it can t stop the dreaded bag drop queues when you arrive at the airport . in a bid to solve this air france and klm have created a digital tag and tracking device that not only let you bypass this airport chore but could also spell the end of lost luggage . both devices are linked to the airlines flying blue accounts and flight information is automatically updated before every journey .
paul donnelleythis is the moment britain first a christian group determined to see off islamic fundamentalism . harasses an innocent muslim family attending the old bailey for a case of their murdered son . city of london police intervene to protect the family who cower in a doorway near the central criminal court .
rmer real madrid manager bernd schuster has heaped praise on his compatriot toni kroos after the german s eye catching performance against rayo vallecano . the year old scored his first la liga goal for los blancos as they comfortably defeated rayo at the bernabeu on saturday evening . and schuster who played for los blancos between and believes kroos is playing perfectly at the moment even comparing the former bayern munich star to himself .
ve attwood studied physics and philosophy at university so when he is throwing his weight around in the colours of bath he has a fundamental grasp of the attitude he must adopt . playing on the edge but not over it that is the key . he already knew the theory and over time via a couple of jolting reminders he has learned to apply it .
associated press reporternothing to fear . that s how a few of the first us athletes to arrive at the sochi games feel after getting their first look at an unprecedented security presence ringing the olympics . with militant groups threatening to attack during the next few weeks security and the safety of competitors and visitors to the coastal area and in the nearby mountains that will host the events has become both heightened and inescapable .
 epileptic driver who killed a passenger in his car after he had a seizure while driving no longer has charges imposed against him . in vincent zanfardino was charged with second degree murder criminally negligent homicide and assault . on tuesday zanfardino was found not guilty by the bronx supreme court even though he was advised by his doctor not to drive .
roll down for videothe winner of this year s mrs australia could be about to be dethroned forced to step down from the prestigious title and give up her shiny crown after announcing she has split from her husband . kate johnson born in manly sydney was the winner of the title which showcases the talents and beauty of married women only . the year old stunner told the daily telegraph she had separated from her husband of five years jason and is now living as a single woman .
woman who turned years old decided to do something that she d never forget to celebrate her big day by going skydiving . eleanor cunningham from howes cave new york did the birthday jump on saturday at saratoga skydiving in gansevoort . the daring great great grandmother kissed her seven month old great great granddaughter before suiting up for the incredible jump .
ead of this weekend s premier league action sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture with team news provisional squads betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for west brom s home clash with hull . .
 rob preecepublished est june updated est june plans for a formula one race on the streets of london which would see cars roaring at up to mph around some of the city s most famous landmarks will be unveiled tonight . drivers including british stars lewis hamilton and jenson button would start from a grid outside buckingham palace and race around a . mile west end circuit taking in sights such as nelson s column and piccadilly circus .